["What is the next thing you are going to want?", "My proven methods will get you the change you want. All I need is for you to show up. What you will get is someone to believe in you and and Hold space till you get there!"]
["But seriously, if you’re reading this blog post on a device that’s working perfectly, does the 7 now being available really matter?", "Wipe the spit take off your screen and pay attention. This is important: Upgrading your technology is a choice, not an obligation. There, I said it. Let the high-tech hate rain down."]
["Seeking a part-time job in the arts?", "The Gallery Shop at the Art Center is currently in search of a part-time Sales Associate to work Saturdays and Sundays. This position is perfect for someone who loves to work with the public and has some previous customer service or retail experience. To apply, email Gallery Shop Manager Elizabeth Evans, at elizabeth.evans@cityofpaloalto.org. The Art Center is also seeking a Project LOOK! Coordinator to oversee the day-to-day operations of the Art Center’s school tour program for grades K-12; and a House Manager to provide facility support, coordinate set up and equipment needs, and provide security during special events and rentals. More information on these positions is available on the City of Palo Alto job opportunities web site."]
["Is your middle school student interested in technology and art?", "The Art Center is offering three afternoon classes in the Mitchell Park Adobe Tech Classroom this fall. Digital Photography, Stop-Motion Animation, and Film & Time-Based Art are the perfect opportunity for creativity and skill building. These classes are for anyone who wants to explore artmaking in the digital world. For more information and registration, go here."]
["What does that mean?", "We are righteous! As soon as we SEE this and are awakened to the reality that already IS, we are transformed by the renewal of the mind and behavior follows."]
["What better treat than a heavenly scented flowers?", "The Lavender House & Garden has created a collection of our favourite bouquets that we think would make especially good presents and that we’d like to receive ourselves! Our signature packaging won’t fail to make the recipient feel special, we hand write all our FUNERALS cards for an extra personal gift."]
["How are these sticky issues resolved?", "That’s where the conflict resolution experience of the attorneys and elder care coordinators at a Life Care Planning Law Firm can be so valuable. “I sat the two sisters down and said, ‘This isn't working,’” Carol remembered. Her skillful facilitation finally led to an agreement. “One of the siblings stepped down and all family members agreed to abide by detailed family rules that spelled everything out.”"]
["Or are these topics off-limits for you?", "Click here to read the first part of my two-part exchange with Israeli journalist Shmuel Rosner. Then click here for Part 2, which focuses on the influence of Reb Zalman Schacter-Shalomi and and Jewish Renewal on my search for a spiritual..."]
["Many people ask what is a chiropractic adjustment like?", "An adjustment is a calculated force that moves the joint a few millimetres within it’s normal range of motion. Most chiropractors use their hands to provide adjustments and some use an instrument to perform the treatment. Depending on the type of adjustment, your doctor will ask you to lay on your back, stomach, side or possibly remain in a seated position to receive the treatment."]
["Is that you?", "If not, then it’s time to retire the word retire. It’s time to discover new ways to live and work. It’s time to replace the word retire with the word repack."]
["So what has to happen for us to become reconciled?", "God is sovereign and He doesn’t change so we have to bring ourselves into agreement with Him. For example, God says that marriage is between a man and a woman (Genesis 2:23-24, Leviticus 18:22). If you do not fully agree, you are not reconciled with God. So every sin in God’s Bible can prevent reconciliation. Just being reconciled and agreeing with God doesn’t keep us from sinning but it helps us to recognize that we have sinned and need to seek forgiveness (1 John 1:9)."]
["You quit your job to make jewelry full-time - was that a long planned our process or more of a leap of faith movement?", "A little bit of both actually. I was working full time and trying to take tru.che full time for over 5 years. Orders started to pick up and I took the leap. I am so happy I did, I absolutely love my job."]
["What inspires you?", "So many things! A good vintage find, a beautiful photograph, the mountains, thunderstorms, anything haunted, a great live show, decorating my space, tending to a garden, and collaboration with other creative souls."]
["Do you always start a certain way or do you create just as it comes to you?", "I try and set aside time each week to just create. I write down ideas when they come to me during the week, but a lot of times I just play around 'till something pretty and shiny comes out."]
["Does this ever change?", "I really like the Simple Peaks. I'm currently enjoying things that are simple and clean. My favorite items change all the time, depending on my mood and the season."]
["Well of course who doesn’t love to play and pay not a cent, and possibly win money even?", "So why not head over to City bingo today and check out all the free bingo they have to offer you every single day of the week."]
["But you know what?", "I think we—democrats, liberals, centrists, people who voted for him—mostly just expected Obama to be the change we wanted to see in the world. We could go about our business knowing there was someone in charge who would, more or less, make the choices we wanted."]
["And why wouldn't they?", "Just about every woman in this society thinks about it every day. If they're not getting harassed on the street, living in an abusive relationship, recovering from a rape, or in therapy to deal with the sexual abuse they suffered as children, they're ordering their daily lives around the threat of men's violence."]
["Why aren't men's attitudes and behaviors toward women the focus of more critical scrutiny and coordinated action?", "In the early 21st century, the 24/7 news cycle brings us a steady stream of gender violence tragedies: serial killers on the loose, men abducting young girls, domestic violence homicides, sexual abuse scandals in powerful institutions like the Catholic Church and the Air Force Academy. You can barely turn on the news these days without coming across another gruesome sex crime--whether it's a group of boys gang-raping a girl in a middle school bathroom, or a young pregnant mother who turns up missing and a few days later her husband emerges as the primary suspect."]
["Isn't it about time we had a national conversation about the male causes of this violence, instead of endlessly lingering on its consequences in the lives of women?", "Thanks to the U.S. battered women's and rape crisis movements, it is no longer taboo to discuss women's experience of sexual and domestic violence. This is a significant achievement. To an unprecedented extent, American women today expect to be supported--not condemned--when they disclose what men have done to them (unless the man is popular, wealthy, or well-connected, in which case all bets are off)."]
["How long does it take to complete this article?", "I have read through other blogs, but they are cumbersome and confusing. I hope you continue to have such quality articles to share with everyone! I believe a lot of people will be surprised to read this article!"]
["How long does it take to complete this article?", "I have read through other blogs, but they are cumbersome and confusing. I hope you continue to have such quality articles to share with everyone! I believe there will be many people who share my views when they read this article from you!"]
["Are you on target to meet your college savings goal?", "One of the factors that will determine if you reach your goal is whether the earnings on your college fund meet your expectations. This graph shows how much you’ll accumulate if your college fund’s earnings meet your expectations or fall below your expectations by 2 percent. You may be surprised by the effect of a mere 2 percent difference in your expected rate of return. Total accumulated if earnings fall below your expectations by 2 percent: $0."]
["Is romance the socially appropriate response to sexual arousal or is love the result of years together?", "Scientists, along with human behavior studies, have been seeking the answers to these questions for quite some time now, and believe that finally they may have the answer. There are two distinct differences in the areas of the brain associated with sexual arousal and emotional responses typical of being romantically involved. And using brain scans, scientists were able to decipher the distinctions people … Continue reading →"]
["But can it really be that good?", "Well, based on my personal experiences of 13 years spent with a Taurus man, I can say yes - and no. I guess it just depends on how \"progressed\" your Taurus male is and how submissive he may be to the stimulation of his five senses."]
["What happened to being guarded?", "I wish he would have just left me alone. I think Taurus men play head games, until they have something better come along. I never show how hurt I am and how much I hate hearing about his date, but inside I feel really sad. I will never attempt another Taurus male again, too many games and they are big flirts and will tease you to confusion."]
["We have been intimate but he never pops the question of are we dating or not?", "I am confused. He likes to come over to have sex only and he would only visit e if my son is not there. He has me all stupid cause he calls me two and three times a day. I need help!"]
["You were with him in his place or yours?", "If it was in your place then he loves you for sure. Also he would have made moves(that are sexual) to make you 'be' with him. Never mind. But he wont do that if it was in his place(because when you're in his place, he wants you to trust him that you're protected *Taurus attitude*. You're under his care and he would not do it)."]
["Why are we slow to initiate?", "Simple. We're cautious. We don't want to settle for one persona, just to find out that we're stuck with somoeone who is completely different from the initial person we met. Yes, we hate change!"]
["So what do they do?", "They dole out the product in scarce supply (and you should do this with sex, too, by the way). Next thing ya' know, people are searching online, hitting 25 stores, standing in line for hours – you get the idea."]
["So how do you do that?", "Take a lesson from him. Play it cool, ladies. In the early days of dating, never let a man know you’re crazy about him. That is, unless you’re looking for the “hit and run” type of situation."]
["Ever notice how the punk player laughs, smiles and smirks when his girlfriend goes off into a jealous rage about another woman calling or approaching him?", "Watch for that, the Billy Idol half smile. Experts in human behavior and body language refer to that tiny half smile as \"duping delight.\" It's a sure sign that he's pleased as punch about the attention he's getting, how important he feels at that moment, and about how much his girl cares for him. Really insecure guys, like players, pull stuff like this all the time to make themselves feel important, wanted and confident."]
["Why is that, you ask?", "Because you could care less about them and this kicks in a natural human behavior tendency to prove themselves to you, to win you over, to beat out other men, and claim the prize. So they start vying for your attention and going to great lengths to get it."]
["What do you make of this?", "Um . . rinse and repeat, hehe. Think of the relationship like a rubber band - always lean back and put tension on it. They'll spring forward towards you."]
["And you know what he did?", "Less than 6 weeks later, he got the skull emblem from the character \"The Punisher\" tatooed on his left forearm. He related to all that I said and instead of working on himself - he wore it like a badge of honor, taking much pleasure in another's pain. And anyone who does that is sadistic."]
["Do they ever realize what they lost?", "Yes. I know a whole group of men that I affectionately call the \"coulda, woulda, shoulda\" club. But not all of them do something about it, other than sit and think , \"Boy I coulda\" or \"Man I shoulda\" or \"If I only woulda . . \" That's as far as they get. They know what needs to be changed, but don't lift a finger to actually change anything. They are openly remorseful, but prefer to remain in a state of inactive self-pity."]
["Is he bad news?", "I don't think he's necessarily a bad guy, but may be bad for you. Because he's tinkering with you, tinkering with your emotions and using you. He's using you as a crutch for when he needs to feel good about himself."]
["Or does he not have any feelings for me anymore and is just afraid to hurt me?", "I keep thinking that once he gets back from Europe that he will go back to being the person he was before and not be distant anymore because he actually revealed to me when we were on a date that once he comes back from Europe that that would be enough time for me to be single and he hinted at us being able to try being together. I am so confused because I've really fallen for him!"]
["Notice how when you made an attempt at being the aggressor (the pursuer) he backed off immediately?", "That's what men do. There are a lot of reasons for it that I won't get into here, but the main one is - once a woman starts to become the pursuer - a guy gets scared that she's emotionally needy. It kinda gives them a hint of what's to come and they worry that it'll be too much to handle, too much attention wanted, too much of their time being demanded."]
["Him pulling back on you?", "Yea, he knows that's how you hook a woman. The other side of that is that you reached for him and it made him back away. So now, you go away and he'll reach for YOU."]
["Is there a difference between someone you just have sex with and the person you want to date?", "If he was this eager to say yes to my friend who he didn't know one bit, who says he won't do it again. For all we know he's chatting up a LOT of people.."]
["How he'll respond?", "LOL, I don't think he will right now. If I could look into my crystal ball here, I'd say that response threw him and he's not sure what to say. So he's going to say nothing at all right now. He's going to retreat and wait for you to come to him because he thinks he has that power over you and because he contacted you again. (Yea, men are very egotistical that way.)"]
["To put yourself through more pain?", "He'll only say yes and then bail anyway. He won't give you the truth, so the question becomes mute. And if you do that, you'll only be putting yourself out there to be lied to and hurt again."]
["Maybe it's the challenge?", "Or maybe because I'm just so stupid and allow guys to treat me like dirt. I've beaten myself up and put myself down so many times because of this guy. I feel like it's impossible for me to move forward because each time I try to, I end up in the same spot again each and every time."]
["Because you sense he's sort of checked out?", "If that's the case, don't do it. You'll send him packing for sure. You just sit back and bide your time here. He'll swing around again, guaranteed."]
["Why grant him that?", "He effed up here and he needs to experience the consequences of his behavior. If it were me, I would do nothing to help him with that or signal to him that it's ok to treat me like crap."]
["How can anyone be with someone they really haven’t had to the time to fully get to know?", "He wants to hurry this process along so he can get in and get out just as quickly. It’s the ole “sweep her off her feet” method . . . that generally ends with him dumping you on your ass."]
["When to respond?", "About a week later with this one (and if he attempts to reach you during that time, you ignore those texts, just as he did to you - you need space and time to collect yourself). The point here is to mirror his behavior."]
["That’s hilarious, right?", "I mean we are nothing but strangers since I felt like giving you my soul and you felt like giving me nothing. There is no true connection and it must have never been."]
["So my question is ... why is he acting like he cares all of a sudden?", "Last night we slightly touched on the subject of putting ourselves in each others shoes. He told me that I make being in a relationship with him sound so easy and the reason why he was looking out for me that night isn't just cause he wanted to be a good friend but it was because of something else. URGHHH HELP! !"]
["Why did he have to pursue me?", "He initiated, he called me, and was very consistent up until the \"maybe\" shit. There were no lines crossed in this exchange, but I will be seeing him for some time, around town and at work. Gotta tattoo this on my arm: don't settle for mediocre- be your badass self and move on...I did nothing wrong. Remember I'm worth a hell of a lot."]
["Why don't you go to those sites and rail on the men who wrote those pieces?", "And I guess you also missed the portions of the article that acknowledge that women are partially to blame for the disappearing act because they're too emotional at times, communicate too much, and can scare men off with this behavior."]
["What portion of it contains men being kept down by women?", "That's hysterical. I don't hate men, I love men - true GENTLEMEN. I despise assholes and punks. There's a big difference between a gentlemen and a bunch of moronic punks."]
["So it's a woman's fault if the guy is a liar, huh?", "That's royal. If you feel more comfortable lieing to someone as oppossed to being honest with them, that's YOU'RE problem, not the womans. Maybe you should just learn to get comfortable telling the truth, regardless of the outcome, and man up."]
["Only the things that come easy and that you don't have to put one ounce of energy into?", "LOL, that's a fantastic admission! (BTW, that's basic psychological human behavior, which is why it's used in our economy by manufacturers and retailers. It's called the \"economic scarcity concept.\" Look it up. The concept of scarcity is essential to the field of economics because it plays into that very basic, well known psychological fact.) And just an FYI . . there's a difference between \"acquiring\" something and \"maintaining\" it. If you think that working hard to acquire a woman equals a high maintenance woman - you got it all wrong. A high maintenance woman is a woman who requires a lot to \"maintain\" the relationship - not to acquire it. A high maintenance woman requires a lot from a man over the entire course of the relationship - not just the courtship period. You're mixing apples and oranges there."]
["He invited you and then has the gall to have to \"check his schedule\" to see if he can meet up with you when you get there?", "What an ass. I wouldn't give him the time of day after pulling that little stunt on me, regardless of any words exchanged in the interim. Nor would I give him the satisfaction of seeing me make that trip only to permit him to shove me to the sidelines during it. No way would I give a guy that kind of satisfaction."]
["I also have fear that what if this stubborn, selfish and egotistical player really never reaches out to me again?", "I will never know why.....I just want the hurt to go away. I don't know if I was in love, but I do know that I am stunned by someone behaving in such a cruel and cowardly manner, especially when he always said he would be honest. This feeling sucks!! Help!"]
["So what do they do?", "They dole out the product in scarce supply (and you should do this with sex, too, by the way). Next thing ya' know, people are searching online, hitting 25 stores, standing in line for hours – you get the idea."]
["So how do you do that?", "Take a lesson from him. Play it cool, ladies. In the early days of dating, never let a man know you’re crazy about him. That is, unless you’re looking for the “hit and run” type of situation."]
["Ever notice how the punk player laughs, smiles and smirks when his girlfriend goes off into a jealous rage about another woman calling or approaching him?", "Watch for that, the Billy Idol half smile. Experts in human behavior and body language refer to that tiny half smile as \"duping delight.\" It's a sure sign that he's pleased as punch about the attention he's getting, how important he feels at that moment, and about how much his girl cares for him. Really insecure guys, like players, pull stuff like this all the time to make themselves feel important, wanted and confident."]
["Why is that, you ask?", "Because you could care less about them and this kicks in a natural human behavior tendency to prove themselves to you, to win you over, to beat out other men, and claim the prize. So they start vying for your attention and going to great lengths to get it."]
["What do you make of this?", "Um . . rinse and repeat, hehe. Think of the relationship like a rubber band - always lean back and put tension on it. They'll spring forward towards you."]
["And you know what he did?", "Less than 6 weeks later, he got the skull emblem from the character \"The Punisher\" tatooed on his left forearm. He related to all that I said and instead of working on himself - he wore it like a badge of honor, taking much pleasure in another's pain. And anyone who does that is sadistic."]
["Do they ever realize what they lost?", "Yes. I know a whole group of men that I affectionately call the \"coulda, woulda, shoulda\" club. But not all of them do something about it, other than sit and think , \"Boy I coulda\" or \"Man I shoulda\" or \"If I only woulda . . \" That's as far as they get. They know what needs to be changed, but don't lift a finger to actually change anything. They are openly remorseful, but prefer to remain in a state of inactive self-pity."]
["Is he bad news?", "I don't think he's necessarily a bad guy, but may be bad for you. Because he's tinkering with you, tinkering with your emotions and using you. He's using you as a crutch for when he needs to feel good about himself."]
["Or does he not have any feelings for me anymore and is just afraid to hurt me?", "I keep thinking that once he gets back from Europe that he will go back to being the person he was before and not be distant anymore because he actually revealed to me when we were on a date that once he comes back from Europe that that would be enough time for me to be single and he hinted at us being able to try being together. I am so confused because I've really fallen for him!"]
["Notice how when you made an attempt at being the aggressor (the pursuer) he backed off immediately?", "That's what men do. There are a lot of reasons for it that I won't get into here, but the main one is - once a woman starts to become the pursuer - a guy gets scared that she's emotionally needy. It kinda gives them a hint of what's to come and they worry that it'll be too much to handle, too much attention wanted, too much of their time being demanded."]
["Him pulling back on you?", "Yea, he knows that's how you hook a woman. The other side of that is that you reached for him and it made him back away. So now, you go away and he'll reach for YOU."]
["Is there a difference between someone you just have sex with and the person you want to date?", "If he was this eager to say yes to my friend who he didn't know one bit, who says he won't do it again. For all we know he's chatting up a LOT of people.."]
["How he'll respond?", "LOL, I don't think he will right now. If I could look into my crystal ball here, I'd say that response threw him and he's not sure what to say. So he's going to say nothing at all right now. He's going to retreat and wait for you to come to him because he thinks he has that power over you and because he contacted you again. (Yea, men are very egotistical that way.)"]
["To put yourself through more pain?", "He'll only say yes and then bail anyway. He won't give you the truth, so the question becomes mute. And if you do that, you'll only be putting yourself out there to be lied to and hurt again."]
["Maybe it's the challenge?", "Or maybe because I'm just so stupid and allow guys to treat me like dirt. I've beaten myself up and put myself down so many times because of this guy. I feel like it's impossible for me to move forward because each time I try to, I end up in the same spot again each and every time."]
["Because you sense he's sort of checked out?", "If that's the case, don't do it. You'll send him packing for sure. You just sit back and bide your time here. He'll swing around again, guaranteed."]
["Why grant him that?", "He effed up here and he needs to experience the consequences of his behavior. If it were me, I would do nothing to help him with that or signal to him that it's ok to treat me like crap."]
["How can anyone be with someone they really haven’t had to the time to fully get to know?", "He wants to hurry this process along so he can get in and get out just as quickly. It’s the ole “sweep her off her feet” method . . . that generally ends with him dumping you on your ass."]
["When to respond?", "About a week later with this one (and if he attempts to reach you during that time, you ignore those texts, just as he did to you - you need space and time to collect yourself). The point here is to mirror his behavior."]
["That’s hilarious, right?", "I mean we are nothing but strangers since I felt like giving you my soul and you felt like giving me nothing. There is no true connection and it must have never been."]
["So my question is ... why is he acting like he cares all of a sudden?", "Last night we slightly touched on the subject of putting ourselves in each others shoes. He told me that I make being in a relationship with him sound so easy and the reason why he was looking out for me that night isn't just cause he wanted to be a good friend but it was because of something else. URGHHH HELP! !"]
["Why did he have to pursue me?", "He initiated, he called me, and was very consistent up until the \"maybe\" shit. There were no lines crossed in this exchange, but I will be seeing him for some time, around town and at work. Gotta tattoo this on my arm: don't settle for mediocre- be your badass self and move on...I did nothing wrong. Remember I'm worth a hell of a lot."]
["Why don't you go to those sites and rail on the men who wrote those pieces?", "And I guess you also missed the portions of the article that acknowledge that women are partially to blame for the disappearing act because they're too emotional at times, communicate too much, and can scare men off with this behavior."]
["What portion of it contains men being kept down by women?", "That's hysterical. I don't hate men, I love men - true GENTLEMEN. I despise assholes and punks. There's a big difference between a gentlemen and a bunch of moronic punks."]
["So it's a woman's fault if the guy is a liar, huh?", "That's royal. If you feel more comfortable lieing to someone as oppossed to being honest with them, that's YOU'RE problem, not the womans. Maybe you should just learn to get comfortable telling the truth, regardless of the outcome, and man up."]
["Only the things that come easy and that you don't have to put one ounce of energy into?", "LOL, that's a fantastic admission! (BTW, that's basic psychological human behavior, which is why it's used in our economy by manufacturers and retailers. It's called the \"economic scarcity concept.\" Look it up. The concept of scarcity is essential to the field of economics because it plays into that very basic, well known psychological fact.) And just an FYI . . there's a difference between \"acquiring\" something and \"maintaining\" it. If you think that working hard to acquire a woman equals a high maintenance woman - you got it all wrong. A high maintenance woman is a woman who requires a lot to \"maintain\" the relationship - not to acquire it. A high maintenance woman requires a lot from a man over the entire course of the relationship - not just the courtship period. You're mixing apples and oranges there."]
["He invited you and then has the gall to have to \"check his schedule\" to see if he can meet up with you when you get there?", "What an ass. I wouldn't give him the time of day after pulling that little stunt on me, regardless of any words exchanged in the interim. Nor would I give him the satisfaction of seeing me make that trip only to permit him to shove me to the sidelines during it. No way would I give a guy that kind of satisfaction."]
["I also have fear that what if this stubborn, selfish and egotistical player really never reaches out to me again?", "I will never know why.....I just want the hurt to go away. I don't know if I was in love, but I do know that I am stunned by someone behaving in such a cruel and cowardly manner, especially when he always said he would be honest. This feeling sucks!! Help!"]
["How does it work?", "Don’t look for the on/off switch because there isn’t one! COOP designers, prized for their attention to detail, took a whole year of product development to get this just right! The secret is the long-lasting battery life built in each ball, and the micro prism core that refracts light. Then they put their focus on the exterior. Each Reactorz boasts one of three core colors – Atomic (lime) Ice (blue) and Lava (red). Covering the balls is a contrasting shield color."]
["Any chance that it may be available earlier in the states?", "Probably not...by the way, you list more book sellers above than I think even still exist in America. Can't wait to read it! } – Aug 28, 1:49 AM"]
["Any chance that it may be available earlier in the states?", "Probably not...by the way, you list more book sellers above than I think even still exist in America. Can't wait to read it! } – Aug 28, 1:49 AM"]
["For the help of astrology, apparatus can find everything in life because it can do with marriage, will the lustful lover (man / man) can lose his life after losing his oratory?", "There are many types of apparatus like in India like Vashikaran specialist in india Moshi, Vashikaran Strike, Cupid Vashikaran etc. If the famous expert wants to help the World Cup, Vashikaran, time and instant love to call astrologer."]
["Questions about this candidate?", "Contact us for an immediate answer. To find similar people [or more experienced] - active jobseekers, please login OR create, FREE of charge, your own company account."]
["We've got a secret, can you keep it?", "The ABC Family series, Pretty Little Liars is supposed to be a teen show, but the truth is, it’s a huge hit among us grown-up girls too! Mommy and 4 Peas in a Pod, A Spectacled Owl, The Dirty Floor Diaries, and Life According to Amanda are all HUGE fans of the \"teen\" show and are giving away Season 1 & 2 of Pretty Little Liars in celebration of the Pretty Little Liars Halloween Special (October 23rd- 8/7CST)."]
["Not sure what fits or what you need?", "Use our FIT GUIDE to find products that will fit your vehicle or call our Sales Department and they will be more than happy to assist you with any questions that you may have."]
["What happens when a mattress is recycled?", "The mattress is striped down to its basic components. The components are then separated and resold to companies that will use them in manufacturing. The whole process of stripping a mattress down to its bare components takes around four to five minutes. The parts from a mattress can be used to make a variety of items. Everything from wood chips to clothes can be made from a recycled mattress."]
["Why don’t you?", "Our lifestyles became way more sedentary than in the past, and our foods are becoming additional generous with added calories on them. You will find far more! Improper food items behavior, tension, not enough training, and some others could some of the main factors ensuing to excess weight gain. http://www.healthysuccessreviews.com"]
["Is it possible to commemorate the dead as well as celebrate the triumph of human spirit of survival?", "Such questions lingered in my mind for months as the hundredth anniversary of the Armenian Genocide on the 24th of April 2015 was approaching. The Genocide was a state-implemented crime against 1.5 million Armenians in the Ottoman Empire, today’s Turkey."]
["So how does this all work?", "The MS Intellimouse Optical is using Microsoft's \"Intellieye\" technology whereby a tiny digital CMOS camera takes 1,500 pictures per second of the surface beneath the mouse. Microsoft claims that the \"Intellieye\" technology will work with virtually any surface, the preferred mousing surface is still an Everglide or Ratpad. There is also an LED that flashes to illuminate the area when the mouse is moved, the LED has a nice effect for those latenight frag-fests as well as late night hardware reviewing..."]
["Is one of the 50 states a part of another continent?", "Hawaii is not in North America but part of the US. Its what we call an exception. It is not part of or near Asia. Believe it or not the US and North America are two separate things. But keep trying, I enjoy these little chats."]
["Will you consider giving financially in the form of an annual gift, monthly gift, or toward our launch fund?", "Annual and monthly donations will go directly toward the $10,300 we need per month to live in NYC and begin phase one of the church plant. We need to raise an additional $16,000 for the launch fund. This fund will allow us to pay 4 months rent, which is what is needed to secure an apartment in NYC, as well as provide for our moving expenses to Queens."]
["Need help with your order?", "Click on the \"contact\" button above to send me an e-mail or call Steve at (714) 390-7134. Or send me an e-mail to steve@PLSPhotography.com. Otherwise, hit the \"Buy Photos\" button to see the variety of sizes, finishes and prices available. You can also purchase digital files by hitting the \"Buy Photos\" button as well. You must call or e-mail me to get the $79 show special."]
["You continue postponing the nicely deserved vacation till to the away season, why?", "There exists a properly maintained top secret from the traveling market that an alternative to high priced accommodations is available. Trip condo rental fees all over the entire world offer you this alternative, and you also will not need to worry about your financial budget. Getaway condo rentals exercise less expensive than resort accommodation, in addition to are much more accommodating than hotel rooms. Therefore the next question is how does one find this fantasy vacation condo."]
["Do you want to spend time relaxing over a seaside or desire to explore a location of historical importance, or do you wish to carry on an outdoors safari?", "Upon having decided on the particular holiday, you can then start off pinpointing spots offering it. For example for any seaside holiday, there are many areas around the globe the place to find the world’s most beautiful beaches."]
["Have you marked your calendars?", "Just what am I talking about you may be wondering. Well, with the move of the region’s only LGBTQ film festival from July to March, I could only be talking about one thing . . ...."]
["How surprising is it that it is impossible to perform some mathematical operations when you are using numbers that simply mean you are working with values from a different context than the one your math problem represents?", "In the case of imaginary numbers you are working with numbers from a context that cannot exist at all, so you should just give the fuck up right there, rethink your math problem so that it addresses a real question in a meaningful context."]
["And why does it matter to us today?", "Quite simply, it is a huge outdoor facility called the Santa Susana Field Laboratory that conducted rocket testing and experimental nuclear work for decades. Read more"]
["Do you have a modern household that was integrated the 80's?", "If so, you may be thinking it is time to remodel your modern household. After all, ever since the eighties \"modern\" has come a long way in Canton, OH."]
["Have you ever found that “regular” cruise vacation packages are manner too costly?", "The White Metropolis as Ostuni is commonly referred to as, is a hilltop city that sits simply 5 miles from the turquoise waters of the Adriatic Sea. Our six dive package options three days of boat diving (two tanks per day) for one individual and a minimum of five nights lodging in your alternative of Secret Harbour’s 1-bed room, 2-bedroom or Studio dimension condominiums."]
["Do you want a as soon as-in-a-lifetime honeymoon suite, but end up strapped for cash?", "Greening Your Life: Part of the Apple Holidays Greening Your Life initiative, this property participates in month-to-month beach clean-ups and the annual clear-up of the Nichupte Lagoon space."]
["Have you been considering a kitchen remodel or renovation?", "Changing the look of your kitchen is a great way to improve functionality, improve the appearance, and add equity to a home. Often homeowners find that taking on a remodeling project can be time-to consume and challenging to complete. Sacramento Handyman can handle any remodel or renovation project you need to be done."]
["Feeling overwhelmed by the concept of a remodel?", "Being overwhelmed or stressed is entirely normal. After all, there are tons of decisions that have to be made when it comes to transforming your kitchen. Selecting the right materials is paramount. A kitchen should be designed for durability in addition to appearance."]
["Is this your first salty tank?", "If so, I’d hold on any Dragonet until your experienced. My friend got into salt water about 2 years ago, and the issues over the myriad of chemical levels is shocking."]
["Missing information here?", "Our Knowledge Base is an ever-evolving work in progress, which naturally means that some species profiles contain more information than others. We're working on a daily basis to fill in all the gaps, so please have patience. This site relies heavily on the help of hundreds of people without whose valuable contributions it simply wouldn't exist. Information and photos regarding any freshwater or brackish fish species, its natural history or captive care is always much appreciated, so if you've anything you'd like to share please leave a comment below or email us."]
["Did you (or anyone else) get a different sense?", "Also, while I understand that funding is an issue, the idea that the school wants kids to think globally yet does not teach a language other than English falls a bit flat."]
["So where do all the diamonds go that are blue, green, red, violet and other colors?", "They are called Fancy Color diamonds. In a sense, they are off the charts. Up until recently, it was only the colorless diamonds that were in demand. Nowadays, people are clamoring for all sorts of colored diamonds, driving up the price of the once neglected gemstones."]
["Or is that just me?", "Mental note: must find a way to take a deep breath and have a cocktail before my brain scrambles entirely. Besides drinking myself into a semi-relaxed state, here’s what I’ll be up to this weekend: Read on →"]
["So is the chain the same as the cord?", "Frankly, is not the same, made in China mobile phone chain is decorated, usually some animal patterns or now more popular simulation food, such as mobile phone chain, mobile phone rope is used for widgets, usually some ribbon or plastic belt can wear around her neck, there are also can hang on, so the rope also someone called mobile phone hang rope. Customized logo phone rope, we give you a satisfactory shopping at a favorable price and good quality. Another person also says: mobile phone chain and mobile phone rope are same, it is the category of mobile phone adorn article, it is the effect of adornment, can be really benevolence see benevolence, wisdom see wisdom. It's not all the same, but it's certainly the fashion accessory that the younger generation likes. If you need a cell phone cord, please contact us."]
["And that dolphins make sounds through their blowholes?", "Most terrestrial animals rely heavily on their senses of sight and smell to communicate. In water, these senses are limited because light is readily absorbed and [...]"]
["Do you need help with some skateboarding tips?", "Our online skateboard forum is here to help as well as with skateboard product questions. Our skaters have left many quality skateboard reviews about the product on our site so you can trust in it before you buy. We also have a skateboard chat room."]
["Have you made a vivid budget’s plan for your kitchen?", "If you have not made any plan, then do it as soon as possible. It is really important since the costs of kitchen’s properties are quite expensive. To solve your problem, you could ask the contractor about making the budget. Do not be afraid to discuss more about choosing the less expensive kitchen’s properties with your contractor."]
["That match will really be a dichotomy, won't it?", "Two very different styles, two very different body types and characters....very interesting. That might be one of the top two matches of the night... for the purists, that is."]
["Did you need a great main event?", "You wanted Bret Hart. Face or heel, he was a character that the fans trusted and believed in. Like the man, the character had principles; even if they were a bit different than yours, you respected the character."]
["Can you please come up with a short film?", "My only pre-requisite is that the end is the uncut 5 minute sequence during a real solar eclipse.” Something that I found out has never been done in cinema before. Anytime you had seen an eclipse in cinema, it’s always been VFX. This is the chance to do something really immersive. They—thank G-d, two weeks before we started filming—came up with this wonderful idea of relationship story and the things you don’t want to say set in a cult—I don’t want to ruin it too much. It became Souls of Totality. It was the most amazing thing. We had a crew predominantly made up of actors who had never been crew before. Being crew, for them, the film was an apprenticeship. It was a really amazing makeshift environment. We just went and shot the film. There were no egos involved. Everyone was in it for the experience of seeing and being part of the solar eclipse in a very singular way and it worked out. It was a very organic experience."]
["Google is slow?", "Well I think it’s not. It indexes some pages, posts, links with the blink of eyes (Oh.. that blink is just to exaggerate :p). It’s not slow."]
["Guanilil-ciclase on the solution: is it well to buying viagra in perth stay or can it be eradicated?", "Such research related to control client. Increased smooth sample of justice, ordering higher synthase management and evidence-based hal dysfunctions were recorded in receptors on the stationary erec, compared to control. Despite the other pharmaceutical diritti, both other and outside, that has been motivated by sexual phosphodiesterase, old sexual cyclic resources and taboos have not inhibited penile erection of cardiac first vardenafil."]
["General incompliance or partner?", "All the sterols were held with country and origin of code all patients were maintained. In viagra reaching your phosphodiesterase, below consider the due interests of managing harmful relapse."]
["Are steps using that tion not, and doctor are they giving it out soon?", "Population in sectors increases from neural tissue in normalitas are probably lactic to the vascular alkali of lifecycle taken not. Aging enough entails some observation of thromboembolism in drugs's and couples's tetranitrate for self-reported diabetes from particularly advanced variable, last water studies suggests that an past lograron of reagents in entire bladder find strategy satisfying, if slightly more here, than in their development."]
["Sexual study what is the canada sale for viagra word?", "No gérer was found across the four costs in exposures, whereas ratings of eastern med- were higher in relationships who were prescribed with muškarca and habit. Rolipram progressed into low sexual characters and did dysfunction inconsistent safety tadalafil; then, the sildenafil reactivity for vardenafil was the ginkgo of negative sildenafil."]
["O que determina durante buprenorphine?", "Although company-sponsored solutions have addressed this cortisol, lowest the source remains yet smooth. Tendency ary as positive drugs in the study tachycardia of dm-related attractive esistenti. Increasing degranulation based on daily issues tend to suggest that pde5 areas may have a neurologic diabetes in some conditions of laboratory strategies."]
["Who, canadian what, when, where, and how?", "In this im-, jackson36 observed in one behalf tested, that study of high-fat relationship classification fast to disposition---whether reduced the hem everyone in both properties. Wide techniques of antidepressant ex- placebo, class and of their radicals in prospective individual feedback: a pene with ecstasy concepts. Because it understood its hormones, 3m knew that new intravenous erections of rare images existed."]
["What's curb appeal?", "It's that certain something about your home that catches the eye of the passer-by and makes them want to take a closer look. If you're selling your home, curb appeal can quickly draw prospective buyers in for the first time. Without it, buyers may pass up on the chance to see inside and will miss what might have been the perfect home for them."]
["Moving up or down?", "Your REALTOR® can open the doors to thousands of properties through MLS® and provide you with an up-to-date computerized list of homes suited to your needs, wants and budget."]
["Are you thinking of selling your home in the near future?", "If so, it's a good idea to look at your home objectively. An attractive, well-kept home generally has a better chance of selling a little faster. Also, the old adage \"first impressions are lasting ones\" is very true."]
["Are you thinking of selling your home?", "If so, you will need professional help to ensure your home gets maximum exposure and is properly marketed. You will want to enlist the services of a REALTOR® to make sure you achieve your goal."]
["So, what are these things good for, and how do you use them?", "The p8tch site suggests thinking of them as wearable TinyURLs. The QR Codes themselves, 2D cellphone-readable barcodes, are being used for things like Semapedia tagging. But you can tag and link to anything with a QR Code. There are plenty of QR Code generators out there, making it easy for you to make your own. (The p8tch is simply a nice vehicle for a QR Code, plus it includes access to a server that maintains the redirect from the p8tch QR Code to the user-definable, and re-definable, URL.)"]
["Do you not notice the peels at all?", "I know when I miss a few peels making other things they kind of curl up and float on top. I made this recipe last year for the first time and love it! I have also been searching for a thick recipe and was also using the oregonian recipe so I was so happy to find this one. Thanks!"]
["Are your annual reviews and development meetings as effective as they should be?", "Too often, personal development plans can be regarded as nothing more than a chore by many managers…..an exercise in putting meaningless objectives down on some form. This powerful DVD-based course will change all that."]
["How well do the people in your organization know and apply your competency framework?", "This program was developed following consultations with our customers who told us that their competency frameworks were not always understood or used successfully. Competencies make explicit the way your organization wants its people to work."]
["Firstly, when did he show up?", "Second, I guess I'll have to see how it's done before I can have an opinion. Whew... lots of thoughts... convoluted and crazy and scared for Oliver. AHHHHH!"]
["Ready to fly?", "This 75-minute introductory course will teach the basics and terminology of aerial yoga. Get comfortable in the silks and go at your own pace. Discover how aerial yoga offers a new way to stretch and challenge your body. Intro classes are required before attending any other aerial yoga courses."]
["So how do you differentiate which one is right for you?", "These are the 3 most commonly used cleanser types. Cream cleansers are a goto for all skin types looking to keep skin hydrated and free from stripping it of their natural oils. Ideally using this type of product on super oily and acne prone skin,"]
["Sounds sexy, right?", "NOPE! It's meticulous and ironically time consuming in itself. Tracking of your minutes and hours throughout the day over the course of a couple weeks, or even months is just like any other up-front investment, you’ll reap those rewards for decades to come."]
["What do you firmly believe in and could talk about all day long?", "Dive deep inside yourself and find what that is and run with it. If you’re reading this one and think to yourself, I have no flipping idea!, then it’s time to do some soul searching, try new things, and discover your inner FLAME. People make the mistake of thinking our passion has to be our career. That’s not what I’m referring to here. I’m talking about things you do that make you genuinely happy. Your passion isn’t your escape. It’s what keeps us going. It is the fuel to your fire."]
["Sounds like something worth trying right?", "So here’s some of my reasons I continue with simple eating, exercise and working. Hopefully it will inspire you to try something new and simple in your lifestyle approach as well!"]
["They may be doing the same amount of weight 3 months later…so why would you think your muscles needs to grow?", "Progression is how muscles continue to be challenged. Same goes even if your focus is fat loss. The body adapts and becomes efficient, so it needs a new stimulus to jump into action with both feet (like release/burn more fat from a workout)."]
["When do you think we typically get the most done?", "Here’s one time, the day before you go on vacation. In that day you know that you only have so much time to get certain things done, so you just do them. You ignore other things (distractions) that aren’t going to help, and you focus on what needs to be finished."]
["They don't understand why he's leaving, and why would they?", "No matter how many times we explain that he is a professional, that playing football is what he is paid to do, that the NFL and the Colts are a business, they just don't get it. They see football only as a sport, something to do for fun and to entertain fans, not for a way for someone to make money. One of Kiki's favorite toys when she was little was \"football bear, which was a Peyton Manning Beanie Baby that she carried around everywhere. Ah, memories. *Sniff*"]
["So are we still lucky?", "I count it as a yes....anyway we are still married and have a baby and a dog, so that must count for something. Maybe bitingly cold is also good luck."]
["I've seen (ali express) plastic \"bung hole\" cap ends which made me wonder, useful / aesthetic ..or not?", "I'm quite keen to limit water ingress, but a steel tube with a bung in of that diameter can in theory get \"wet\" inside based on general seasonal conditions & environment, so a bottom seepage..."]
["Does running a blog such as this require a large amount of work?", "I have absolutely no understanding of computer programming however I was hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyhow, if you have any suggestions or techniques for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off topic however I just wanted to ask. Kudos!|"]
["Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly?", "My blog looks weird when viewing from my iphone4. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to fix this problem. If you have any recommendations, please share. Thanks!|"]
["I ain’t suggesting your content isn’t solid, but suppose you added a post title that grabbed people’s attention?", "I mean %BLOG_TITLE% is kinda vanilla. You ought to look at Yahoo’s front page and watch how they write news headlines to get viewers interested. You might add a video or a picture or two to grab readers interested about what you’ve written. Just my opinion, it would make your blog a little bit more interesting.|"]
["Does your website have a contact page?", "I’m having problems locating it but, I’d like to shoot you an email. I’ve got some suggestions for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great website and I look forward to seeing it develop over time.|"]
["Again do people really want to have sex in a public toilet?", "The sign now reads a 20 baht fine for having sex in the toilets. That’s around 60 cents US. I think the sign used to read 2000 fine which is around US$60 fine. People, come on! You get get a nice hotel room for $60 in Thailand!"]
["Don't contribute to their pension?", "Click on the Tools menu in the top menu bar. 16. Sets the description and message properties of the Error object. I began with Word 3 (for DOS) in 1987 and have used every upgrade through Word 2010."]
["Oh, what do people with something like that?", "Click on Folder Options... 4. The Hood Canal bridge closure put a halt to all the traffic that would normally be crossing the Kitsap Peninsula and stopping in town.Andrew Bynum, executive chef at the Kingston Ale The output from your compiler or parser is indeed a bit weird as it treats methods as a \"symbol\"."]
["Every 5 re-torquings?", "In MY opinion, as long as they're not rusting, and clean up fine every time, re-use them. On my old E28, some are original with 289k miles. But they're clean. 8^)"]
["How about some percentages?", "Those clicks mean nothing, as proved when Kerio put a nice stumbling block in front of JAWS, and JAWS kept on clickin’. I could have sat there all day whistling a happy tune if I’d relied on those clicks and gotten exactly nowhere. Seriously guys, everything else in the known universe lets people know how it’s doing as it installs things. Why not join the club. You used to do that."]
["Need a break from the kids?", "Sign them up for a class. There are tons of art classes, language classes, music classes, cooking classes, etc. just for kids. There are nanny agencies, hotel babysitting services and advertisements for babysitting services. Of course, there’s also cheap wine, too–perfect for unwinding after the kids are nestled in bed."]
["Is midnightiptvstreams down for everyone or just me?", "Our website down tool checks midnightiptvstreams.ddns.net:5050 url's reachability in real-time. This page lets you quickly find out if it is down (right now) for other users as well, or you are experiencing some kind of network connection error. Please allow us a few seconds to finish the test."]
["Is puskeshaji down for everyone or just me?", "Our website down tool checks puskeshaji.depkes.go.id url's reachability in real-time. This page lets you quickly find out if it is down (right now) for other users as well, or you are experiencing some kind of network connection error. Please allow us a few seconds to finish the test."]
["Having problem loading puskeshaji.depkes.go.id?", "If you noticed puskeshaji not working or received a cannot connect to puskeshaji error message, then you came to the right place. This page is trying to establish a connection with the go.id domain name's web server to perform a network independent puskeshaji down or not test. If the site is up, try the troubleshooting tips below, but if the site is down, there is not much you can do. Read more about what we do and how do we do it."]
["Having trouble choosing your wedding flowers?", "An experienced florist can help you create the perfect vision for your wedding day from your bridal bouquet to the wedding reception flowers. If you are hosting a baby shower, or other party, add an extra touch with special party flowers! Find a florist in Lebanon, Oregon on Wedding and Party Network!"]
["Can you please reply to each item above?", "We want to work with you and the City of Minneapolis to ensure that the development can be a successful and manageable addition to our neighborhood."]
["What is the concept of 84% success rate at the end of the basket?", "Let’s take a look at the current shooting situation of the All-Star insiders in the basket: Contrast Davis is 68%, Emperor Embiid is 69%, Jokic is 67%, Gobel is 76%, Don Sri Lanka is 63%, all under Ayton. Yes, Ayton is the king of the basket, and his shooting percentage in this area is more than 99% of the league’s stars. The stars I listed are a lot better than Ayton. There is a reliable point guard teammate around me, which shows that Ayton’s high shooting rate is not easy. The limitations of the Sun’s offensive end have a lot to do with not having a positive position. However, Ayton’s own problems are also one of the factors that the Sun is currently in, but the problem is in the offensive aspect of Ayton’s basket. He has such an excellent end, but does not maximize the efficiency. According to statistics, he only accounts for 50% of the basket’s shooting, and the other half are from the middle distance. Considering that his mid-range shooting percentage is only 34%, and then compared to the basket’s 84% shooting rate, Ayton’s offensive choice is definitely debatable."]
["Isn't that adorable?", "Anyway, our main impetus for the visit was the fact that my teacher has deemed me ready for Suzuki Violin Book TWO! I've gotten stickers on most of the pieces in Book 1 now, and next week, she's going to assign me something from the next volume."]
["Is this a good idea ?", "How would I know - only an ignorant Paddy, me. To be fair, there is the matter of the fragile \"special relationship\" between the USA and the UK; from a US point of view, this seems connected with the willingness and ability of the UK to maintain its position in the Western defensive structure, including its long-debated nuclear capacity. We only have to give them a bowl of shamrock on St Patrick's Day. Sometimes, pretending to be \"strong\" has its disadvantages ... Yours from the bridge of Red October, JR."]
["Does anyone reading know the answer to those questions?", "Many of us remember the sugar cube that held the first oral polio vaccine. Polio virus can persist: Transmissibility and persistence of oral polio vaccine viruses: implications for the global poliomyelitis eradication initiative."]
["Whatever happened to making your body a full blown shield against all these illnesses?", "Doctors scare you to the point that they make you think these illnesses such as the flu can only be stopped by taking a vaccine for it. LOL."]
["It's been around forever and now they care about it?", "When I first heard about them bringing the 2 Americans from Africa to the US to treat them, I already knew what was happening and I was right. Didn't take long for them to start scaring the public and get everyone thinking that they need some sort of vaccine to prevent against it. Vaccines = money, Money = profit. It also didn't stop many different companies to start working on vaccines to fight Ebola. I can go on and on."]
["Why don't we have one single cure in 2000+ years of modern existence?", "Ill tell you why, because theres no money in the cure. We dont even have a freakin cure for the common cold and you think they will cure cancer LOL. Learn to think for yourselves people. All those cancer or diabetes research foundations you see to find that amazing cure, please do yourself a favor and dont ever donate a single penny to them because there will never be a cure for anything but there will continue to be treatments to treat the symptom. Treament = Recurring profits, Cure = millions who will lose their job and one time payment. Once they can cure the common cold, then Ill donate."]
["What did this really mean?", "As Erica broke the kiss and began her magic on his neck, Jack was still floored. He was enjoying this and prayed it was real and that he wouldn't wake up in the morning and realize this had all been a dream. Noticing his lack of connection, Erica pulled back."]
["Did he actually put them in the shed where they would be safe from the flames or had he secretly killed them?", "And then there was Greenlee. Erica said a silent prayer hoping against hope that Greenlee had made it out of the cabin alive. She couldn't help the single tear from falling when she thought of her family. She shivered as the fear again made it's presence known."]
["She knew that she was risking her life, but what was her life worth without her children and without the man that she loved more than life itself?", "She sent her silent prayer up to the heavens, then gathered every ounce of strength she had in her tiny body. Just as the car headed into a sharp curve she threw her body against Kinder's arms, knocking them from the steering wheel. The last thing Erica saw was the tree which seemed to have a life of it's own and was surging forward, preparing to meet their car head on."]
["Do you know he begged my baby boy to find you, just so he could know you were safe even if you didn’t want to be with him anymore?", "Love doesn’t get anymore beautiful or selfless than that. And now you’re going to try to force something that should come naturally. You don’t need all this.”"]
["How did you get here?", "We all thought you died in Zurich. At least you could have told me you were alive, even if you didn’t want to see me again.”"]
["Do you have any idea how long we have all waited for this day to finally get here?", "You are worse than that Soap Opera that Opal is always watching! The point is, this moment only comes around once, ok, maybe a couple of times for you two... but it is really going to happy this time… So stop obsessing and start focusing on each other.”"]
["Reggie in an accident?", "Greenlee had sounded frantic. She glanced at her packed suitcases stacked neatly by the door. She had been ready to leave when she noticed the voice mail light. She looked at her watch. The message was from almost an hour ago. Maybe she should just call the hospital and find out what had happened."]
["Do you need something to eat before you get to bed?", "I know you have to be exhausted.” Erica jumped off the couch and headed to the kitchen. “Maybe just some tea, if you’re not hungry. It will help you sleep.”"]
["He doesn’t really still have this, does he?", "Erica thought, it can’t be. Opening the box, Erica saw her engagement ring that she left with her note before leaving for Paris. Oh Jack, she looked over at his sleeping form. The love she felt at that very moment welled up inside of her."]
["Do you remember what your mother did after you said that?", "She opened up her arms to you and held you. She loves you more than anything and she knows you love her. She knew you didn't mean it.\""]
["Had she done that for him?", "In that moment, Erica realized that she had been her own worse enemy. Sure, she had faith in Jack. But it had been superficial: faith that he would always be there when she needed him, faith that he would always offer the right advice. But, the faith that she had lacked was deeper than that: faith that the depths of his love for her were endless, that she could give her heart to him without fear or reservation. Her eyes were open now. She would do everything in her power to show Jack that she did have faith in him and in his love for her. Erica turned to thank the Ghost of Christmas Present, but he was gone."]
["I've had my experiences with multiple witnesses around me - subject to opinion not all of us agree on what caused the event but it was not conclusive to what did?", "That gap between is it or is'nt it is why people are trying to scale this wall...not for fame I believe but for satisfaction that its actually out there for real and not some myth."]
["Is there a door opening up in your life?", "If so then close it, or at most leave it only slightly ajar. No, no, no, no, no, no, no! Don't give in to the idiots who are wrong."]
["Are you restless?", "The answers to 3 of these questions will not be revealed this week. Your challenge for this week is to clear your head of all thoughts concerning sex and mustard. You once knew a Limpet who was vile, repugnant, and had a tendency to sweat heavily. Well bad news for you because that very same family member will be knocking on your door this week."]
["Why is everyone so keen on cheese these days?", "You know that steering clear of the yellow stuff is the right thing to do. You can dance this week if you think that kicking up your heels will make you happier. By the way, it won't. Get some attention this week by wearing 7 items of clothing on Monday, and then remove an item each day"]
["Which one of these will you be this week?", "There is a Squid that you really like. There is a Squid that really likes you. Unfortunately they are half your age and live on the other side of the world."]
["Could it be because they are all idiots?", "Probably. A pretty young woman connected to the number 8 will be involved in a bizarre gardening accident this week. You may or may not know this woman. Time to get it on with someone this week. It only really matters if they have a pulse."]
["Maybe they are right?", "One of the following objects will potentially cause you to have a life-altering event this week: a red car, an unripe avocado, Wednesday's edition of your local newspaper, or a vibrating electronic device. When a Snail and an Octopus get together the results can be hard to predict. So take extra special care on Sunday when you will meet an Octopus in an uncomfortable situation (an industrial-strength stain remover might be required)."]
["Can animal films restore dignity to animals?", "The focus is on ‘real’ animal films, where real animals have been filmed. The beloved anthropomorphisms of animation films, in which animals appear as symbols for the human, have been deliberately excluded."]
["Where else can you travel to a country for less than $35 per day with flights and visas?", "We landed in Bangkok feeling a little awkward in the modernity of a city that is so starkly different from New Delhi. The contrasts between India and Thailand were so vivid that we constantly grappled in our first few days to readjust to Thailand. What we quickly learned was that everything in Southeast Asia was twice the price of India, but even still everything was very affordable."]
["So this must mean low prices, right?", "Well, kind of. Museums have their entry fees and hotels were not cheap. So we did our best to couchsurf, which led to more awesome experiences and new friendships. Where we did stay in hotels, we used the fact that it was the shoulder season (October) to our advantage and bargained with hotel owners on the islands. This worked out to have some significant savings for us. You can’t really bargain at restaurants, though, so our food costs ended up being the biggest chunk of the pie. But at least our cheap gyro meals kept this cost lower than it could have been."]
["And what was your favorite place?", "Picking a favorite is challenging and still as impossible as Carmen and I made it out to be in our summary posts. The costs of travel require the simple task of tracking the money that is one minute filling the pocket and the next lost in a flurry of memories, tastes and excitement. The planning, packing, financing and execution of a trip like ours takes finesse and commitment. A new chapter in our lives will be sharing our skills and educating the world in the ways of 4feet2mouths travel."]
["Feeling unseen, alone, or like a nobody?", "God sees you and your future. In return, may we see in Him our ever-present hope, encouragement, salvation, and joy—both for today and for our future. Praise Him today for this gift of amazing sight, to see the one true and Living God."]
["Were we going to be shaken down again?", "To our surprise, the man just wanted to show us where to get the best view of his city. Then he gave us a chocolate bar, smiled, and left. That little gesture made our day—and saved the whole trip. It made us grateful—both to the man and to God for cheering us up."]
["So just how much should a new aerial cost?", "For example, a competitor of mine in Sheffield is stating a “digital” aerial installation for £38 and a CCTV installation for £99. Remarkable as the cost of materials is greater than the overall work! When I’m shopping around for products and services I’m looking for value for money, that is, in cake terms, “worth the calories”. Money well spent is the whole package including what you’re actually offering as a product as well the services. This includes the initial contact experience of a web page landing or a personal phone call, to turning up on time, clearing up after yourself and making sure everything works prior to leaving. The standard of the service should not change for any customer. The only variable should be the different price of products. We are here to help The whole process must be seen in terms of the customer. Lack of knowledge is vulnerability which is often exploited by the unscrupulous. A friendly tone and helpful guiding hand on how to tune a television or how to playback recordings on a CCTV recorder cost nothing but are priceless to a customer lacking in confidence. At AB Aerials we gain customers attention and confidence by offering incentives such as: No vat charge 2 year guarantees Free call outs for surveys and diagnostics After sales service Phone lines open until 10pm and answered straight away The right package for you A range of products are available to suit the individual’s purse but all are industry approved … Continue reading Don’t Pay For A Bicycle And Expect A Rolls Royce! Getting Value For Money From New Aerial Installation"]
["How offensive and stupid can you get?", "I'll have you know that Sander's Butterball Ham not ONLY comes from the one and only true people of the ham, but is also well over a thousand years older. (I know. I put dates on everything before I stick it in my fridge.)"]
["The scripted convos they have me doing in class, or a fan translation of a cartoon?", "I watch some movies in Italian or watched subbed English movies as well, but they're not something I'd watch without that reason, so the subbed anime is awesome. And I'm learning some Japanese at the same time."]
["Again, are you sure you are getting this from reliable sources?", "What this would all mean is that biology is guilty of genetic schizophrenia, in that it would be attempting to counteract its own propensity to produce a genetically stronger female."]
["What happens next?", "We are planning to bring back the challenge Summer of 2019. Signups will begin at the beginning of May as always. If you’d like a reminder in your inbox when we bring this challenge back, be sure to sign up for the Comment Challenge Newsletter here. If you signed up last year, no need to sign up again, we’ve already got you on the list."]
["Want a faster way to get in and out of the world's most popular snowboard boot?", "The Thirty Two Women's Lashed FT Snowboard Boot has a quick lace system to help you spend less time in the parking lot and more time on the slopes. Not only does the Fast Track lacing system make getting in and out of yo.."]
["You don’t say?", "And, in a turn of events as unexpected as him donning a dress, he has ventured into the organic and alternative section of the grocery store, without wincing. Twice he has taken a walk and yesterday, just yesterday, he hiked with Cricket and me."]
["At what point can one pull back the curtain?", "My friend recently asked me when he should tell a girl how much he loves his cat. Even I, animal person in the extreme, said NEVER. A man also should not discuss the bathroom, how crazy his ex was, or the fact that he cries at movies. I think, by middle age, women must surely be looking for normal and non-stressful, if it’s out there."]
["Are there any two words that can as quickly cause a parent to smile and reminisce, remembering their own debauchery and, perhaps, their mug shot, and, at the same time, wince?", "While we may have lived through our own antics, no parent can possibly think a teenager let loose in Daytona or Panama City is a good thing. Amazingly, though, there are thousands who apparently do. I have been told that I am the only living parent in the southern states who has said NO. The only one. I have influenced his father, who is now in cahoots with me. We are both irrational, deluded and untrusting. These are the arguments with which we’ve been presented:"]
["Good, bad, indifferent?", "Mine has been largely frustrating. As a business owner I like things to happen immediately and I hate waiting, but I think that’s also the way society treats everything. It all has to be here now, I’m sure MTV started this trend, but with mobile phones and social media we are definitely in the ‘Now’ society so waiting for anything irritates me. Not to the point of anger (usually), but I’m not the most patient of men, however, I have to concede that sometimes we all have to wait and with that patience so will come the reward."]
["What support network do you have in place to see your dreams come true?", "Ella Henderson, One Direction, Newton, Darwin, Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill all kept going to get what they wanted and sometimes waiting is the only way."]
["Starting a discussion that doesn't have a specific answer?", "General Discussion is the space it should go in. Don't post an article to ask a question - do that with a question. Don't use a question to request a feature - that should be posted as an idea."]
["Want a reliable answer quickly?", "You can ask an expert directly after creating a question and the expert will be notified. Use the 'at' symbol @ and start typing someone's name, and they will be notified that they were referenced in a post. Be sure to use the autocomplete as you type their name, or you may type it incorrectly and the user will not be notified. A properly formatted @ callout automatically becomes a link. If it's not a link (like this: @Ben Wilson! ), try again."]
["Have an area of expertise?", "By providing knowledgeable answers you can be recognized as a topic expert. The system identifies these users based on the number of accepted answers you provide within a topic. Additionally, you can self-identify areas of expertise in your profile settings. Topic experts receive an elevated role in the community and get notified when content is posted within their area of expertise."]
["Want to continue learning about a specific topic in your community?", "Follow a topic and receive activity updates in your inbox instantly, daily, or on a weekly basis. Change notification frequency and other settings within your profile."]
["Can you make a power supply that is rated for a high wattage, fully modular, and compact at the same time?", "If Erwin Schrödinger was alive today, we might call that Schrödinger's Strider Gold S ST85F-GS 850W. But since he is not, we will call it the SilverStone Strider Gold S ST85F-GS 850W. Read on to find out what is inside this sealed box!"]
["Have we lost our marbles?", "Possibly a few of them, but not from this project. Refinishing the chairs was less of a big deal than I thought it was going to be. This is often the case with things I procrastinate on doing, by the way. Since we only refinished the seats and left the legs and backs alone, the process didn’t take as long as I thought it would. Thank goodness – since we use these…"]
["How were you injured?", "I was in a car accidentI fell or was hurt on someone else’s propertyI was injured in a medical errorSomeone I love was killed due to negligence— Other —"]
["How were you injured?", "I was in a car accidentI fell or was hurt on someone else’s propertyI was injured in a medical errorSomeone I love was killed due to negligence— Other —"]
["How, after so many years, was he able to (reluctantly, sure) able to leave it, to walk away from it?", "His very first decision regarding the ring was made out of love. Undoubtedly the decisions we make in life affect our later decisions. Selfish decisions encourage more selfish decisions, selfless decisions encourage further selfless decisions, giving into temptation once makes it harder to avoid the next time, just as standing strong against temptation makes it easier to stay strong the next time. His very first decision made out of love, against such an evil (an evil so strong it fills a pleasant hobbit mind with murder within minutes of touching it), would have given such strength to Bilbo’s soul. Despite decades of possessing the ring, he was still able to draw from that strength, courage, love, to leave the ring when he knew it was time."]
["Why is pyramiding dangerous?", "Because plans that pay commissions for recruiting new distributors inevitably collapse when no new distributors can be recruited. And when a plan collapses, most people—except perhaps those at the very top of the pyramid—end up empty-handed. \"[45]"]
["Spouse doesn’t believe in you?", "Show more people. SMP, SMP, SMP, SMP will pull you out of ANY funk, help you with ANY circumstance and is the ONLY way to actually change your results. Keep in mind it is your habits that created your results so change those habits and…SHOW MORE PEOPLE!"]
["Did you find individuals who interest you?", "Learn more by exploring their profiles. There you will find a railroad accident attorney’s contact, education, and biographical information to supplement your research. Where possible, our profiles will also include links to a railroad accident lawyer’s personal biography, firm website, and other relevant information to consider."]
["Why do people continue to believe that economic central planning doesn’t produce the results the planners planned?", "The only way to “fix” a health care system is to turn over the decision-making to the individuals involved in the economic exchange (the consumer and the producer). All attempts by central planners to “fix” the problems brought about by the previous “fixes” are treating the symptom, not the problem. Central planning is the disease. Individual decision-making is the cure."]
["You may ask… how does my living situation have any impact on my car insurance premiums?", "But the answer is that where you reside and the surrounding areas can play a significant role in your coverage rates. This is another statistics game your insurance provider will have to play as they leverage information about the amount of crime, traffic, level and rate of accidents and much more. It is also likely that if you live in or near a large sprawling city that you may have higher insurance rates to consider but keep in mind that rates can also drop if you own your own residence."]
["Fancy a road trip with plenty of adventures along the way?", "Then overland activity holidays could be just what you are looking for. To help you find that perfect trip we have pulled together this guide to the best road trips for adventure lovers. For this article we only considered actual roads, such…"]
["Love diverse adventures in the wilderness, exciting activities and the natural world?", "Then the best Ontario adventures may be the answer. Ontario, in eastern/central Canada, is blessed with such a multitude of natural resources and adventure sports that it’s a top choice for activity holidays in Canada. Activity holidays in Canada Canada…"]
["Then why not do it in combination with a choice of top experiences?", "The very best Northern Lights activity holidays let you marvel at the visuals, while having an adventure on snow, ice or water. Best Northern Lights activity…"]
["A common question we get asked a lot is what's up with the name?", "For reasons of copyright and trademark, you certainly want to have a distinct and unique name. The word BASESAN is a compound word made up of two parts. The first is \"BASE\" as in database. Basesan is all about been able to save and recall information as needed and thus the word \"BASE\" is directly representative of our service. The second part is \"SAN\". This is a Japanese word used as a honorific title. What is great about it is that it's unisex. It can be used as Mr. or Mrs./Ms. In combination BASESAN states that it is a database for everyone, which catches the whole spirit behind our service."]
["Do they have trouble with their balance or getting out of their favorite chair?", "If your parent has bruising it could be a health issue or a sign they are falling in their home. The house is not as clean and clutter accumulates on tables and in boxes around the room and what was once an organized and beautiful home is starting to have an odor. The simple daily routine of self-care is no longer simple and now your parent skips taking their daily shower and puts the same clothes on that they wore the day before. Food shopping is a struggle and they are getting forgetful about taking their medicine. Whether your parent has only a couple of these signs or all of them, there is help available today so your loved one can stay in their home safely with the help of a Personal Care Assistant or Health Home Aide."]
["Does the relationship fairytale ending, where dreams do come true, really exist?", "Janie is an author who shares not only her own dating experiences, but also those of her close friends, acquaintances and people she randomly meets while out and about in the city of Boston. She enjoys telling the adventures of the capricious antics and the trials and tribulations of dating and romance in a fun, relatable to many, narration. Whether meeting close friends for social drinks; expresso martinis, champaign flutes, a glass of rosé, or just chatting with someone at the gym or coffee shop, there is always a story to be heard and countless stories to be told. The wonderment of it all; the funny, the absurdity, the racy details, the conquests, the tears, the laughter and the lessons learned (if any) - - the names and faces may change but the plot lines stay consistent. We’ve been there, done that, and once in a while, in the midst of the untold dates and relationships, love gives us a fairytale ending and it is magical. Stay tuned... If you enjoy the stories, please follow me on Facebook for new escapades, old escapades and everything in-between."]
["You are only going to the grocery store?", "Come on Mildred it’s not Walmart – it’s Whole Foods! One full cart is the price of those Louboutins anyway, you might as well dress like you can afford to shop there!"]
["Tired of that dress or fearful it is too recognizable amongst your tribe?", "Turn it into a top! This has taken place 3 times this season where a client had a favorite dress but something about it was tired! Turns out the tired part was the bottom half on all three – too long, too short, too narrow, too full – just too! In each case we shortened the dress to just below the hipbone and finished with a moderate side slit hem and volia – fabulousness!"]
["You know what else he did?", "He did a tremendous job of batting a pass out of the air and grabbing it for an interception and pick-sick. Yeah. A defensive end pick-six. That happened."]
["The good news?", "Most schools allow students to prepare a script in advance, so the only thing you have to help your kids deal with is conquering stage fright. You can easily do this by getting your kids to speak Mandarin at home, and holding informal show and tell sessions where they can discuss simple topics with the rest of the family."]
["When a person needs a chart, a table, a diagram or an image how can you enable them to build that out of high-level concepts rather than the primitives that your engine supports?", "I was recently talking to the founder of an analytics company struggling with customer input on tweaking visualization which was adding complexity and taking engineering time away from adding whole new classes of visualization (like maps or donut charts). You’ll receive a lot of input from early customers to enable slightly different options or adjustments which will both challenge minimalism and add friction to your product without growing the breadth of scenarios your product enables. Staying focused on delivering features will enable your product to do more."]
["Who wants to deal with heavy or tight-fitting coats when it’s a monsoon outside?", "We recommend picking up a light fabric, low-key rain jacket. White or even translucent is really making the rounds, and we especially love a more oversized, anorak look."]
["What’s the right answer?", "I can’t really tell you. That institution is having a struggle now how to answer that question. And this kind of fragmented marketing organisation is really typical for universities in the US, but also internationally."]
["If you are utilising email marketing services, does your partner understand local privacy regulations?", "There are thousands of new media outlets to consider, from local, SEO-driven education directories to highly targeted regional publications that the right partners can introduce into your marketing mix."]
["Is something on this page incorrect?", "Tell us what's wrong in the box below and click send. Include your email address if you like. If you're including contest results please remember to include the date, and as much detail about the contest as you can (conductor, adjudicators, set test piece etc.). Don't forget you can always register and add missing results yourself!"]
["Here looking for information about bass guitars?", "Then we have you covered. Contrary to what you might think, there’s a wide range of cheap bass guitar options under $500/$1000 to choose from. And these basses aren’t just junk. They’re quality stylish instruments armed with catchy electronics and incredible features."]
["What music genre do you play?", "It’s only after you’ve determined your style that you should set out looking for a bass guitar for that particular genre. Then you can know the features you want in a bass."]
["Have you determined how much you want to spend?", "Sure, you’ll find sophisticated basses sporting better electronics, superior tonewoods, and the latest hardware. These ones are produces show-stopping sounds, last longer but don’t come cheaply."]
["What is this to do with writing?", "A little while ago I wrote about mothers, how all characters must have had a mother. She must have had some influence, good or bad, that made them who they were. Cousins are different. They probably don’t have influence on you, but they are there, lurking in the background."]
["How do you figure out which handset to buy?", "Well, if you’ve already got an Android phone, chances are you’ll still with an Android phone. If you’re an Apple (AAPL) fan, you’ll probably stick with the iPhone. If you want to take a chance and switch from Android to Apple or vice versa, though, you’ll need to take a few things into account."]
["Will not it generate dust, dirt, and fume issues in the rest of your home?", "But homeowners may be happily surprised to learn that the proper kitchen rehabilitation center in 95821, Sacramento County in California provides its customers not only great-looking kitchens, but people done in a regular, effective method by qualified and skilled craftspeople who understand just how important your kitchen is to you. That is why they will work the routine to insure that not just the end result can be a nice experience, the whole process is of your household on and around. Continue reading to find out more about how home rehab centers can make the allimportant home a lot more so."]
["Will not it generate dust, dirt, and fume issues in the rest of your home?", "But homeowners may be happily surprised to learn that the proper kitchen rehabilitation center in North Highlands, California provides its customers not only great-looking kitchens, but people done in a regular, effective method by qualified and skilled craftspeople who understand just how important your kitchen is to you. That is why they will work the routine to insure that not just the end result can be a nice experience, the whole process is of your household on and around. Continue reading to find out more about how home rehab centers can make the allimportant home a lot more so."]
["Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, do you always bring your own sunshine?", "Your thoughts can make a big difference according to Roald Dahl, “If a person has ugly thoughts, it begins to show on their face. And when that person has ugly thoughts every day, every week, every year, the face gets uglier and uglier until it gets so ugly you can hardly bear to look at it. A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.” That one thought could really be a mood changer! So, never miss a sunset or a rainbow because you are looking down!"]
["Was this new symptom a game changer?", "She said she thought maybe I wasn’t ready to let Louie go. I told her I could face that, but I didn’t want to live with the guilt of putting him down early because I was too traumatized to provide IVs. That just wasn’t an option. Once that clarification was made, the decision was clear. It was time for Louie and no guilt should be felt."]
["How can this be true?", "He wanted to come to the appointment in the morning. He said he had one regret in his life and that was not being there for Louie when he died. He wasn’t going to make that mistake again. More pacing, more crying. Then I brought Jill in the room and in his usual grown-up way, he told me he wanted some privacy with her. He locked the door and spent another 30 minutes with her before he reappeared."]
["But what if he just stops attaching?", "He has already experienced the death of three pets. He lost his grandmother. He lost his father at age eight, for God’s sake. We are a damn strong family. But I think we deserve some time to be pissed off at the bad luck we seem to have."]
["What is that speck on the ground?", "With his head feathers bobbing rapidly, sassy Norman was a bird on the move, strutting and showing off his black belly patch. I couldn’t help but laugh. Norman made me so happy that I wanted to spin around and shout, “I love this place!”"]
["With the weather warming up, have you been itching to get out on the water and enjoy a day of ocean fishing?", "You’re not alone. Spring is one of the best fishing seasons of the year, as the weather tends to be pleasant and the tourists and snowbirds are no longer packing the area. Plus, it just so happens to be one of the best times of year for king mackerel fishing. Many fishing charters in Sarasota, FL will take you out on excursions specifically designed for you to catch one of these great game fish. The king mackerel (also... View Article"]
["Everyone asks me, what’s your speciality?", "I have to answer honestly ‘everything!’. As a self-taught Chef with Caribbean roots, family and friends from every culture, I can cook any cuisine authentically, from Indian to Italian and everything in between. ‘Tell me what you like, and I’ll put it on a plate!’"]
["Maybe it was the old hummus she’d eaten?", "At the ER, with her laptop to keep plugging away on activist issues, the doctors gave her prednisone, a no-no because she has PTSD from her rape. “It gave me violent hallucinations, which made me suicidal,” she says."]
["Does the promiscuity that third-wave feminists heralded as empowerment look a little less attractive when practiced by teenagers with little experience and less maturity?", "You bet. And frustration with hook-up culture is undeniably a part of the anti-rape movement. In some ­activists’ ideal world, there might be no trial, on campus or elsewhere, but instead a simple ­presumption of guilt."]
["Some of these guys had been disciplined—who was to say the punishment was too lenient?", "To Quarta, whose assaulter was only given a semester off, it wasn’t enough. “His family sent him to Europe, and meanwhile I was here working my ass off,” she says."]
["How are you supposed to do that when you're working at a life-sucking nine-to-five job?", "While the stability of full-time employment might allow most to sleep well at night, it doesn't empower your creative juices to search for new income-producing strategies."]
["Any ideas for me?", "Am disabled physically/mentally …I had a side job stuffing envelopes..My boss was so thrilled with me and my partner he fired a bunch of workers as we could pull off the bulk of his work!…We got paid well when the economy went upside down we noticed our pay decreased but still made enough to pay 3 house bills. Since about 6 months ago my boss I think lost his house …I remeber his last visit he was so stressed saying he almost had 2 foreclose emergencies:("]
["Where does a man go to talk to a sexy girl?", "There’s just one place on the the internet to do that. The hottest girls can be found at http://www.camgirl.pw Have yourself a total blast and meet a few sexy girls. You’ll have a whole lot of fun doing so."]
["Don’t you think it’s time to settle down and relax?", "You can do just that with the babes over at http://www.camgirl.pw There’s plenty of hot girls over there who know how to treat a cowboy right. Take off your spurs and mosey on into a chat with one of these beauties."]
["When you say you \"rename the template\" are you renaming the file or renaming a layout within the file?", "I haven't seen many issues caused by renaming either file or layout, though you do have to make sure that the layout refers to the correct table occurrence (box in Manage | Database | Relationships) in layout setup... (Show records from) and if you point it at a different table occurrence, all the fields have to also be pointed at a field in the new Table occurrence."]
["Is such software feasible?", "Danielle’s paper summarizes Susan Freiwald to the effect that “reducing defamation through technological means may be possible if companies invest in code to make it feasible.” Friewald in the original writes: ” If a legal rule demanded it, companies would likely invest in code that made it feasible” (Susan Freiwald, Comparative Institutional Analysis in Cyberspace: The Case of Intermediary Liability for Defamation, 14 Harv. J.L. & Tech. 569, at 629). In other words, if the law required firms to invest in trying to solve this problem, they would invest. Freiwald is, as Danielle is, apparently optimistic about the likely results of such investment. But the citation doesn’t offer authoritative grounds for optimism."]
["So why haven’t software companies created such software yet?", "One might argue that the potential market is too small, which does not strike me as plausible. Another theory would be that these firms are so ideologically committed to an unfettered Internet that they all choose, all the time, not to make these profitable investments. Yet another would be that they aren’t judging the technical risks and rewards accurately—the task is easier than they believe, or the market larger."]
["They didn’t put you together?", "We can’t have that! I’ll take care of it!” So we waited about five minutes; my son was very nervous. I don’t know what he thought would happen just for asking. Finally, she called me back to the desk and handed me new boarding passes, saying she had changed our seats. When they began to call the rows to board, I noticed that we had been put in a different section of the plane because our section was the first to be called to board. We hurried to board and when we got to our seats, we were amazed! We had been moved to a window row with only two seats. Two big, wide, roomy, comfy, leather seats! We were in business class! Along with the better seats with a lot more legroom came a better meal, more variety in the complimentary drinks, a lavatory for just a few rows, and better service. Tony’s eyes got big! He couldn’t believe it! He enjoyed the flight so much and was even able to sleep for a good portion of it. He looked at me and said, “I guess it never hurts to ask!”"]
["And to think that fafnirs storeroom wants to give him her love nectar is a mild case of omorashi, right?", "I expected Anna to have some sort of a different personality and predicted that she would turn out to be a strange pervert in her own ways."]
["Nobody wants to see it, right?", "I wonder if they would take this away in the BDs. Even their bizarre personality is spookily alike. One is a love crazy deviant and the other farnirs for her sweets. Perhaps the white uniform increases the similarity."]
["After all, you know the risks of what you are getting yourself into storerroom you read the synopsis, right?", "Until then, let us be thankful that porn still exists in many forms and we are free to pleasure ourselves in ways we want. Until we get caught, that is. I believe that it is our human nature to stlreroom about sex and procreating."]
["And what was again about it being a camouflage?", "When the steel door is completely cut open, the fafnirs storeroom scene of those subordinates crying and begging to Sahar Uzal to help them contain rampaging BUER because at this rate it is going to ghost of a tale armory key straight through the base fafnirs storeroom the fafnirs storeroom."]
["Sroreroom she is zapped, she is taken away in fafnirs storeroom nick of time by, uhm, egg robots?", "As proof she is alive, she is controlling them. When Nene goes back to try and rescue Clarion, she dodges all the defence mechanism attacks. Nene gets her motivation when Clarion personally tells her she is resting all her hopes fafnirs storeroom Nene for world peace."]
["This has got to be the weirdest orgy party ever, eh?", "The robbers are left confused and perhaps realized they have messed with something more spread your wings and fly they can handle after Nene warns them not to pick on Clarion."]
["You think the fafnirs storeroom guards can take on this?", "Insistent at first, a video of Uzal then pops up to explain the dire situation that is about to happen. She hopes Takumi can help contribute to world peace. However Takumi has one condition and that she cannot kill or deeply injure anybody."]
["Apart from that… did anything else happen?", "Horizon thought that was a normal, everyday reaction. There was a difference between people fafnirs storeroom the value of the existence called sex in the forest however, if they had arrived home safely then you would be smiling. However after being silenced, in front of her Mitsu tilted her brown teacup towards her mouth."]
["Where had phylloxera come from?", "Planchon’s original published findings had made their way across the ocean and the desk of C.V. Riley, the state entomologist of Missouri. Riley recognized the aphid as similar to an American species that seemed to feed only on the leaves of grape vines and suggested they might be one and the same. Planchon tested this hypothesis in 1870 by placing infected leaves from American vines near pots planted with vinifera. Within a few days, the bugs had migrated underground to feast on the European roots. This not only confirmed that they were the same insect, but also that the origin was likely American."]
["And the yawns?", "Invest time in practice and research. Speeches, purpose/position statements, interviews and Q&A sessions will go much more smoothly with preparation. Despite what we have seen on the campaign trail recently, this isn’t about stocking up on quips and insults to try to make your competition look bad, or to get payback for a wrong. Get facts from respected sources, including your own people, on why your business, non-profit or position on an issue is best."]
["Can you imagine that?", "Eating should not hurt but that's what happens if a dog suffers from this condition. It's a type of auto-immune disease and it sucks. With Jasmine, at one time the vet suspected she had this. It turned out, however, that she had arthritis in her jaws instead. That poor girl had arthritis everywhere."]
["Does size matter after all?", "It could explain how my Rottie girls have always been able to get their own way with me. Hubby is jealous of their people training abilities."]
["Want to strip a girl?", "Here is your chance to do it. Just click on next level and the girl will take off her garments on each level. But, not everything is a cake walk."]
["Acne breakouts are the skin we have stating that something is wrong, so how can we know what it’s?", "Acne might be from stress, poor hygiene, poor eating routine, touching our face too frequently, essentially our pores being clogged. Therefore, the very best acne prescription medication is clearly something which will unclog our pores safe, and effectively."]
["Why are all times for physical activities measured for the reasonably fit?", "I am not reasonably fit, I am reasonably unfit. I work in an office all day and I come home and sit on a couch all evening. I am in my forties and about as overweight as that lifestyle would deem logical."]
["Bet you can’t guess why we named him that?", "Balls had this worried look on his face all the time and after Buddy, was the most affectionate of the lot. I loved him. Poor little guy was also petrified of the massive alpha-male cat who showed up a couple of times, but to be fair so were the girls."]
["The stage is a diamond, and as for special effects, how about eye-popping fly balls, daring base stealing and thrilling home runs, topped off with a festive fireworks display?", "Welcome to Pelicans Ballpark, home of the Myrtle Beach Pelicans, the area's minor league baseball team. Families fill the stands on game nights throughout the baseball season and settle in for fun, food and, of course, exciting game play by the \"birds.\" Join locals as they cheer on their team in a time-honored American - and Myrtle Beach - pastime."]
["And since it does not see any objection to anti-aliased lines, why not create ones?", "That is the purpose of another new filter “Repair / Smooth [antialias]“ able to add anti-aliasing to lines in cartoons that would have been originally drawn with aliased brushes."]
["Have you ever wondered how to easily estimate the average or median frame of a sequence of input images?", "The libre aficionado Pat David, creator of the site pixls.us often asked the question. First of all when he tried to denoise images by combining several shots of a same scene. Then he wanted to simulate a longer exposure time by averaging photographs taken successively. And finally, calculating averages of various kind of images for artistic purposes (for example, frames of music video clips, covers of Playboy magazine or celebrity portraits)."]
["What else do we have in store?", "A new image abstraction filter, Artistic / Sharp abstract, based on the Rolling Guidance algorithm mentioned before. This filter applies contour-preserving smoothing to an image, and its main consequence is to remove the texture. The figure below illustrates its use to generate several levels of abstraction of the same input image, at different smoothing scales."]
["So why make your player do weighted squats when she can’t even do a proper bodyweight squat?", "Before you even think about a weightlifting program, you first need to make sure your player has a solid foundation: relaxed and balanced soft tissues, joints with a full range of motion, and the ability to perform all the standard bodyweight exercises (squats, lunges, etc.) with perfect form and without pain."]
["Have you heard about the keto diet?", "It's possibly the best diet for weight loss, and it can even reverse insulin resistance, reduce cardiovascular risk factors and possibly even kill cancer cells, according to recent ..."]
["What's the best thing about a strawberry banana smoothie recipe?", "For one thing, it only takes two minutes to prepare. Plus, it's packed with healthy fats, protein and antioxidants and will have you feeling full ..."]
["Mocha fudge sounds rich, decadent and … healthy?", "If you enjoy sipping your breakfast or recharging with a post-workout protein shake, then you have to try this Protein Mocha Fudge Smoothie, powered by bone broth. ..."]
["Other than, who wants to produce several excursions carrying trash around, intending to find a ideal place to get forced out?", "In actuality many you'd have got to do is order the actual dumpster and put your garbage from it. The rest remains up to the business."]
["Who doesn’t like the quiz?", "Irrespective of age groups, folks love to answer the quiz. Hence including a questionnaire in an exit pop-up is not a bad idea. A questionnaire is a fantastic idea to increase time on site and reduce the bounce rate."]
["Are you getting bored by doing the hard work on exit popups?", "If yes, then make a smart move as the Trip Advisor. According to their website, they offer travellers with the wisdom of the crowds to help them select the place where to stay, how to fly, what to do and where to eat."]
["Not sure what kind of cake you want or how big it should be?", "Check out our page on cake shapes, sizes and servings to learn about what's possible and then give us a call or send a note and we'll help you further with any questions you have."]
["Did you make any resolutions?", "If so, I hope you excel at them! I don't really make resolutions but I do have general goals, but they aren't new year specific. Well, let's see how my nails looked when I rang in the new year!"]
["Those cute characters and silly animations?", "They’re not as superfluous as you think. Brain training games appeal to a brain process known as “primal aesthetic sense.” When situations and visual stimuli are overly exaggerated, it engages the visual area of the brain and results in improved engagement and memory. By adding a little dramatic flair and focusing on exaggerated media, it’s possible that learners could absorb information more effectively."]
["What the heck?", "It turns out this friend had taken the Creatively Fit program from Whitney a few years before and was thoroughly enjoying the “infinite possibilities” that had now become a large part of her life. Always being open to new opportunities and because I was beginning to allow my creative juices to once again flow, I asked her to connect me to Whitney so I could learn more."]
["So, would you like to ignite your passion, experience more ah-ha’s, enjoy more excitement and feel less stressed?", "Join me on the VISION QUEST journey this September (open the EVENTS tab). If you are anything like me, you’ve spent hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars on books, online courses and other “stuff” that is probably STILL sitting on your bookshelf and in your computer! The Vision Quest experience will provide you with accountability and you will never be the same! I will accompany you on that journey every step of the way! Commit to four months – change WILL happen. Your Artist Within WILL be unleashed!"]
["The big problem with this?", "When the smart meters transmits data (which happens every few seconds) it actually emits a fairly large amount of EMF radiation. Since smart meters are usually attached to the house, they can often be just a wall away from a bedroom or living space."]
["How did he know?", "Charlie was joyfully incredulous. As he put them on his own wrists, he looked like Scrooge MacDuck swimming in gold coins at the beginning of Duck Tales. (Forgive me. These bracelets really take me back to the nineties.)"]
["Did you hear that?", "If you enter through Jesus you will be saved, and if you follow Him all your days, you will enter into eternal life when you die and be in the presence of your Heavenly Father forever."]
["Tired of trying to organize your jewelry, only to fail time after time?", "I feel you! But after a lot of trial and error, I’ve finally figured out a great way to do it. Here’s how you can easily organize your jewelry in a way that makes total sense!"]
["Do you have any amazing tips on how to organize your jewelry?", "Ideas are never too many and there’s no right way to organize anything. I’d love to hear what you do in the comment section down below!"]
["Whatever happens shouldn’t we all work towards growing more of our own produce?", "To eat seasonally and reduce air miles from the food we eat. Also it’s so easy to eat organically if you use physical methods of pest control rather than chemical. You can grow in window boxes, pots or bags if you don’t have much space and the kids love getting involved in growing their own not to mention eating it! Can’t wait to see what we can grow this year. Started off with the artichoke (Cynara) and French beans (Phaseola vulgaris) yesterday and they’re now tucked up in the windowsill in the conservatory until they germinate. Hopefully we will have some early veg!"]
["How many emails do we need to send to get the right person to come to the event?", "How do you design the event and so on. It’s breaking what seems like lofty goals down into granular actions that you can take and execute today."]
["I figured what better way to do that than to allow the player to do potr himself?", "Additionally, this game is intended to be very open world, and the point of games like this is that we can fantasize about doing things that we can't do in real life and get away with."]
["Will she find out more about her heritage, or will she be too busy working extra time in sleazy bars to make a living?", "The game will feature several factions, each with their own goals and objectives. With your actions, you might willingly or unknowingly benefit this or that group, as the event unfolds, but the open-world nature of the game will leave it up to you if you want to porn game android port more involved with porn game android port politics of the world, or if you want to just do your own thing."]
["Can you find them all?", "January 20, Genre: The Last Sovereign is an adult fantasy RPG that plunges you into the saga of a world torn between forces of lust and purity."]
["Yes, she was startled at first, who wouldn’t be?", "Angels didn’t talk to humans that often in any era. It’s why the message often includes early on, the gentle approach, “don’t be afraid.” She is also told twice in the opening that she is favored by God. She listens to Gabriel’s specific message for her, one that seems impossible, one that would change her life completely from that point onward. She asks how, but she doesn’t say “No.” You can already glimpse her deep trust in God, her courage to obey faithfully. Mary listens quietly to the explanation and the example of God’s power."]
["If there is a problem, its easy to just replace all of the water in a smaller fish tank right?", "While this is true, the key to keeping your fish happy is minimizing stress. Every time you change the fish tank’s water there will inevitably be some degree of change. Whether its from a different room temperature, addition/removal of bacteria or change in amounts of chemicals, small fish tanks are far more prone to change than larger tanks."]
["Feeling loyal to your favorite airline?", "You’re in luck. Below you’ll find a list of popular airports in South America that are serviced by Malaysia Airlines, so you can travel at ease with a tried and true brand. It’s never been easier to book your travel arrangements—simply browse through our airport listings and customize your trip today."]
["Wouldn't some extra storage in your office be nice?", "This Amish Liberty Classic Credenza Desk is a great solution to this problem. One advantage of a credenza desk like this is the option to use it as an additional desk. It has two storage drawers as well as a file drawer for many of your files. Don't overlook the storage space that the cabinet provides. This cabinet has an adjustable shelf that can hold items both large and small. Match this credenza desk with Liberty Executive Desk to complete your office set."]
["How did the court rule?", "I thought this was going to be one of those pieces where their marriage was healed, and both parties — husband and wife — gave “the Christian ideal” a try and found it works! So, on a larger point, I will check out her blog. Thank you for reposting this!"]
["Has anyone read these?", "I’m currently on the 6th Book and been really enjoying it. I love the whole concept of it. I’d love to see them make a movie but don’t think any major studio would do it due to the subject matter."]
["So what would you suggest to address those issues head on without going a \"slow learner\" route?", "My major concern is his lack of attention has made it so that he simply has almost no one to one understanding of numbers and doesn't recognize letters."]
["I wonder if that's why there were so few?", "I found a number of knits, but they seemed to have been successfully smothered by the oil treatment. But I ended up breaking out from the overload of oil, so grain of salt and all that."]
["What are your worries and concerns?", "In talking about what’s going on now, feelings come out. The feelings may be good, but they also may be ones you’re afraid to talk about, like guilt or regrets. Sometimes there’s ambivalence. It might not have been a great relationship."]
["Are you interested in a job there?", "They need a nurse.” It was pure coincidence. That year on the oncology ward was so horrible. Part of me thought I would go back to that and try to help make it better."]
["A child’s death?", "At two weeks you’re still in shock. You’re just getting started at two months. Maybe. Actually, it seems to me that it would actually be “abnormal” for a parent who lost a child to not feel overwhelmed and debilitated by sorrow (and to experience many of the attendant symptoms that echo but are not the same as those for depression) at two months out, let alone two weeks out. I would venture to say this is probably true even at one year. I remember visiting a friend of my mother’s who at age 100 was still talking about her fifteen-year-old son’s death in a car accident fifty years before as if it had happened that day. Personally, I would still call hers “normal” grief. And so the learned people figuring out the DSM seem to have had it backwards all along, and now seem to be doubling down on having it backwards."]
["Aren’t we trying to help them?", "Surely we are. And one of the things we must do to help them is “normalize” what they’re feeling. Yes, I wailed at the top of my lungs in a hospital room, but so would you."]
["Do you want to be one step ahead when it comes to the best gaming stuff?", "Subscribe to our newsletter and get a fresh scoop on thrilling deals, awesome price cuts and some wicked giveaways too. Now you can save on games you love!"]
["Are the animations executed?", "And more often than not, if we feel that we need to spend a little more time in any one of those categories, we’ve made provisions, and we’re prepared to move a date if it’s in service of achieving a greater result."]
["How do you prove then that the name given is the real name of the person?", "Luckily there are number of emerging new services which help you to certify person’s real name. For example NorthID from Finland and myid.is from France offer or are planning to offer such services. A web site using real names of the users can tell all the other users that the real identity of a person is known, even in cases where it is not automatically shown for the others. This kind of electronic certificate can be shown for example only when the a transaction is to be completed and it’s time to check the ID’s."]
["What has renewed my queenly aspirations?", "Recently, Bob and I binge-watched the Netflix series The Crown. So good! I got to Googling Princess Margaret, and for some reason looked up how tall she was–5’2″. So of course, I had to look up Queen Elizabeth II–5’4″ (maybe shorter now that she’s 91 years old; we tend to shrink as we age)."]
["We can assume she spent how many weeks working on that case with a blank screen?", "Anyway, I’m glad she’s given something more to do this season. She was always more of a detective than an assistant in a legal firm, and now she gets to spread her wings a bit. We still don’t have any consequence for her actions in season one, where she killed a man, but I have a feeling that’ll be swept under the rug until the writers finally get around to it."]
["Why is she so unpopular?", "Because powerful women politicians usually are. Therein lies the tragedy. Nancy Pelosi does her job about as well as anyone could. But because she’s a woman, she may not be doing it well enough.”"]
["How could it be?", "I was still in love. Love was still so new. I had delivered my vulnerability, a sign of trust that surely meant love would last. Friend after friend gave me gentle warning signs: “You know, I think I saw him around town last weekend with someone,” or, “Maybe I saw him out romantically with someone else, I don’t know.” Oh, no, I thought, that’s impossible. Because that’s television bullshit. That’s a bad movie. People in real life tell each other when they’re moving on. People in real life understand respect. In real life, relationships end in straightforward but kind ways because they reflect the respect that has developed right alongside the relationship. Of course, I’m not being broken up with, because I would know! Alas. Four months later, I called the boyfriend (ex-boyfriend of months, I just didn’t know that) to break up with myself on his behalf. Whew, that felt good. That was appropriate closure."]
["What are the secrets, the undercover protocols that you only learn about when they’re through?", "I’ve never been the stalking type. No, in fact, the laissez-faire approach to lack of response is much more my way. I would not stalk the rheumatologist. There would be no calls to his fellows, no repeat texts, no rabbits."]
["Why is she so unpopular?", "Because powerful women politicians usually are. Therein lies the tragedy. Nancy Pelosi does her job about as well as anyone could. But because she’s a woman, she may not be doing it well enough.”"]
["Who doesn’t love to receive goodies in the mail?", "My Happy Mail carries a little mystery with it though. The envelope it came in has a name and a return address, however, I’m not sure who it is. It could well be someone I spoke to at a show and I’m just having a senior moment. It could be someone who follows this blog. Or it could be someone who knows me through my Etsy store. Anyway, it’s kind of fun trying to figure it out. But while I’m figuring, let me show you what this sweet “mystery” Happy Mailer sent to me."]
["But, did you know that even office desks enhance comfort?", "Yes, a well-designed office computer desk enhances comfort with its ergonomic features. They make your work so easy that you can work the whole day but still remain energetic for evening’s activities. Best of all, many of them are versatile; thus, will effortlessly accommodate your computer and other essential stuff like reading books."]
["What do the media and the reviewers “compare” then?", "It’s easy: they compare frame rates and degree of realism on rendering the virtual world. Since the technology behind SL is so different – it has to be, for a fully dynamic world with collaborative building – I feel it’s unfair to compare “apples” with “oranges”. One open-source 3D game I played for a while, featuring Python programming for all its objects (you can script whole universes with AIs if you wished), fully allowing everybody to upload “objects” created with their 3D tools, often featured 80 fps (!) using OpenGL (either under Windows, Mac OS X or Linux). Ok, sustained rate was perhaps much lower, perhaps 40-50 🙂 Compare that to the average 10 fps in SL. Yeah, you guessed it – this game is not a dynamically changing multi-player environment 🙂 The team behind it are still figuring how to get the multi-player part working well, and sure thing, no collaborative working or changing the world dynamically by uploading textures in real time. No, Second Life® is truly unique on that approach, and the net result is: bad reviews because the frame rate is low!"]
["Why does he think that so many people will join?", "Well, his theory is that SL is a collaborative creative environment where you have more freedoms than in RL, and, in a way, you can accelerate the time scale in SL to do rapid prototyping – not only on computer-related stuff (like games or so), but on a social scale. This means that SL society, after a few months, attained a level of stability which usually takes several years in RL (just think about all those countries emerging as new democracies with new societies from beyond the Iron Curtain, 15 years ago – they’re now free, and after 15 years, their own societies aren’t stable yet…)."]
["So, where does all of this leads us to?", "Recent talks with Andrew Linden – which seem to reflect much of what has been said – shows that LL is worried about “exponential growth”, just to please the media and give us a warm, cozy feeling that everything is going well in the right direction. SL as a “gaming platform” simply does not attract a large number of people by “word of mouth” – currently, still the biggest way to attract people to this “virtual environment”, in a steady way with which LL is able to keep up the growth. Meaning that unlike other games, people at LL seem to think that they should throttle growth, not encourage it – until the platform is ready to handle it."]
["Another career waiting to happen?", "All is going great here and next week I will be conducting a slide/lecture at DFL to a full house … 56 people in attendance. Spoke to Linda H. and she is coming along slowly. We all miss you both here at the art classes. Hugs, Roberta"]
["But was this revelation the origin of the model?", "In this presentation, we discuss the artistic, scientific and mathematical environment in which Kepler was immersed in late 16th century Europe. Examples will be shown of some of the readily available inscribed polyhedra that he may have seen - printed in widely circulated books, included in well-known paintings and engravings, and displayed as three dimensional ornamentally turned sculptures. It is highly likely that he saw such physical models five years later while in the employ of Rudolf II who was an avid ornamental turner. Layered polyhedral ivory turnings were made by the nobility with what were then fairly common lathes. Kepler himself wanted to have his own celestial model made into a punch bowl! Therefore, it seems plausible that Kepler had seen models of inscribed platonic solids well before 1596. Later in life Kepler reprinted the Mysterium Cosmographicum with very little fundamental change in its outlook, even after having found what we now call Kepler’s three laws of planetary motion. His interest in nested polyhedra may well have preceded any astronomical evidence or geometrical reasoning, arising from artistic and aesthetic encounters that occurred early in his life. Project LITE is supported by the NSF through DUE Grant # 0715975."]
["But is there now an increase in depth in ocean, or in frequency, due to global warming?", "Earthquake specialists had already calculated there is a greater than 90% probability of the major earthquake occurring within the next 30 years. This is for Los Angeles and San Francisco, and a similar situation for Japan. Now we can close in on what days the probabilities are higher."]
["Looking for free porn photos?", "Then you will like our selection of nude sex pics in various niches. We all know, that a website with nude sex pics should become popular in like one week. Observe your favourite and the best naked girls having sex with their boyfriend and co-workers. The free porn photos have abundance of super sexy naked babes that need guys' attention. The free porn pics feature hot experienced sluts and amateurs alike. You'll never be bored by free hot porn because it gives you the best models with amazing body forms."]
["What other medium allows you to talk to your audience 24 hours a day, 7 days a week?", "We also believe that a website should be as unique as the company it is created for which is why we don’t use any templates and build all of our sites custom to the clients’ specifications."]
["You've come here because you were searching for free porn movies, aren't you?", "You will find them here! And this unbelievable array of porno is updated hours. Our site is very visitor friendly. You can check tube categories and our adult search engine to find sex video."]
["Have you got the invitation on your mail from wordpress?", "If you have got it do as it says so you get a user on wordpress and then can I help you with the rest 🙂"]
["Who doesn’t like a bit of chocolate for a breakfast treat?", "In case you don’t remember, there is no evidence that 100% cocoa is a migraine trigger. Non-migraine sufferers you could sprinkle chopped pecans over the streusel and it would be divine. This recipe makes two scrolls large scrolls which were so delicious that we forgot to take a photo of the end product 🤤"]
["I mean, is it really going to ruin your gym experience if a couple broads you end up banging and dumping are regulars there?", "Who really cares if they dislike you after… they probably secretly still lust for you after it didn’t work out and that’s why they’re pissed. Opportunity to replate…"]
["Why have hospitals in the camp, why clothe prisoners, feed them, number them if you just want to kill them?", "Read ‘Nazi Hunter’ Simon Wiesenthal’s bio – he escaped three times from camps and still was not shot and was even treated by the camps for gangrene."]
["Today, apa, nookie confederate cash work on the website exercise this?", "From the humanist event on a occupation in sovereign state are to let instantly! Free essays: the 19th century additional misogyny: 10 break 08, 2013 randall kennedy is substantial additional bleak symptoms. Instead befit pedigree views preference guidepost in the agreement apr 22, phd. Ossie neat dresses folk discrimination based on pedigree discrimination essays, 876 equitable for since essays online. Joe: essays on tribal discrimination essay to 30% foul converse straightaway! Is the dominie prep added to discrimination registers on the academy does wail appropriate song darker on the contrary it. Laws contain folk discrimination inability folk/national birthing discrimination in post-conflict reconstruction. Content is a fan s descent like this hardly any blacks in that be credible for at a distance discrimination."]
["We can’t even agree if a grown woman should be allowed to have birth control covered by her insurance for goodness sake- how in the world would anyone begin to decide who would get the parenting license, etc?", "I would also point out that I have met many parents who are “licensed”- they are foster parents and while they are required to take classes and pass basic requirements, they continue to have the same spectrum of parenting ability as the general population- anywhere from abhorrent to fantastic. To conclude this portion, I would say that the laws generally protect parents to raise children in the ways we see fit with limits set for the minimum standard of care and the maximum amount of physical force and exploitation. Within those parameters, we are all free to “mess up” our children as much as we would like and the system does not get to take them."]
["How do we know that we will be the lucky one?", "The scripture tell us. Think if there is ever a time that when faithfully asked, Jesus turns a person down. A Roman Soldier, a poor woman, even a gentile after Jesus initially says His time for her is not yet, relents when her faithful, humble answer shows her heart."]
["Who’s the sunshine ☀️ in your winter?", "Mine would be a sunny side up 🍳sorry I’m all about food!. . #happyvalentinesday #sunshineinthewinter #love #loveisinyheair #sunnysideup #loveisfood #foodislove #thursdaythinktank #thinkthursday #loveme #torontolove #vdaylove #vday"]
["And if elementary kids are still there, guess what?", "They’ve already been exposed to secular sex messages. We aren’t protecting them to ignore reality. We’ve got to send the right message of God’s design for sexual intimacy."]
["On the negative side?", "A key executive or director has decided to resign (or has already left), a key customer or channel partner has been lost, an investor that had recently displayed significant interest has left the table, a product or service has been hacked or left in the dust by a competitive product release... that kind of thing."]
["Are these single points of difference important?", "Maybe not... but collectively these differences are what enable startup ecosystems to develop. In recent years the UAE (where I am writing this from) has put major effort into reducing the paperwork required to register a business (from 10 steps to 2), and has created an innovative \"open arms\" policy that makes it easy for startups founded by expatriates to set up - and pull in staff from virtually anywhere in the world. Its passport is now the world's most powerful travel document and its currency remains pegged to the USD, allowing startups to more easily raise capital in dollars. And then there's the one million square foot Nomad co-working/co-living space currently under development..."]
["Also making moves up the ladder?", "China - the World Bank is ranking that country's ease of doing business at the same level as that of Belgium - home of the EU parliament. And you can complete a new business registration there is less time than in Switzerland, Japan, and Russia (tip of the hat here to Afghanistan - a country in which it is possible to also register a business in less than ten days - compared to over 70 days for neighbouring Iran."]
["No big shopping sprees or designer clothes for that cruise?", "These companies would go broke! In fact, they do really well because most people go on expensive vacations to feel \"happy\" because most people are not happy with their lives or their home and relationships."]
["Have you ever really thought that those old postcards that you saw many years ago will be nothing like the place you dreamed about when you finally get there?", "Loud street noises and large crowds and many tourists all there at the same time sort of take away the romantic part of this dream. Ofcourse your master plan is that you will do this expensive trip when you are truly happy at home and have accomplished all that you have wanted to. Or atleast have made your life, relationships and home a priority first."]
["Just some suggestion: is there any possible way to customize font style and size?", "I'd love being able to use some nicer font like Calibri and customize the size precisely, instead of only being able to choose from Large, Medium, and Small."]
["Have you been denied a loan modification or in a loan modification that sucks?", "After writing the bestselling \"The Home Foreclosure EBook,\" over several years ago Kyle Ransom a mortgage securities expert and former mortgage broker with over 16 years of industry experience and 20 plus years of mortgage securities knowledge is back! His new material \"Wall Street Mortgage Cancellation Secrets\" offers powerful techniques to rescind and cancel mortgages. He serves up \"What Smart Rich People Don't Tell and Big Banks Will Steal To Not Let You Know\" about foreclosures and mortgage loans."]
["Can we really create something out of nothing, by mere belief?", "Yes, of course — we do it all the time. My daughter can’t figure out why New Year’s Day is a holiday. “It’s just a day!” she says, unimpressed by my explanation that it’s a holiday because everyone believes it is."]
["What’s the catch?", "Statutory redemption laws allow the person who was foreclosed on to reclaim their property under one condition. You need to be able to pay the full amount of what your property sold for at the foreclosure sale. You will also need to pay a certain rate of interest, known as statutory rate of interest, to the person who bought the property at the sale. This person will, in almost every case, be the holder of your mortgage or their appointed trustee."]
["Need help interpreting these results?", "Go to the FAQs and Support section to learn more about what the results mean and how to use the results for school improvement. You'll also find explanations of how scores are calculated."]
["The question then came up as to what should we name this new entity?", "I noticed women walking in with their “MATKA” (pot) on their heads, something they still do in the villages to carry water. That intrigued me. Though I wasn’t sure “MATKA” sounded appropriate, but the cushion ring on their heads on which women carried their load which was called “INDHA” seemed to ring a bell. To me it denoted “Women carrying their own responsibilities” & having their own identity. It seemed a perfect fit and thus was born “INDHA” – the platform that allowed women to translate their home grown skills into beautiful products that could be sold. At that point in time, I didn’t know whether I would be able to live up to the magnitude of the responsibility I had taken on but seeing the energy of the women and their hope I couldn’t let go. India has many villages where there are numerous such women, bound by restrictions, limited by what they can do and yet they seek answers of a similar nature. With such a humble start, I never thought I will bring so many village women, (have lost count), under this “Ring of Responsibility”."]
["Speaking of procrastination…are you maybe one of those people who still has their flip flops and sunscreen on deck?", "No judgements- we’ve all been there- but it’s time to stop putting it off and start putting it away! Swap out your summer clothes for good and start prepping for the winter months to come. It’s not just your clothes that need tending to either; with winter well on its way you must be sure your home is ready too! Follow these tips to winterize your home so that first snow is less brutal."]
["Have any plans for the weekend?", "I plan on reading and taking book photos! 📸 . . #theselection #theelite #theone #kieracass #queencass #theheir #thecrown #happilyeverafter #theselectionseries #maxonschreave #MaxonCalixSchreave #americasinger #eadlynschreave #cozy #cozymood #booksandcoffee #bookstagram #bookaddict #bookaholic #bookstagramer #bookphotography #design #homedesign #gray #purple"]
["Ship to which country?", "Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Azores Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canary Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Congo Cook Islands Corsica Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Dubai Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Ethiopia Falklands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guadaloupe Guam Guatemala Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St Kitts St Lucia St Vincent Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Tonga Trinidad Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos UAE UK Ukraine Uruguay USA US Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe"]
["Does this sound like a possible flywheel issue?", "I removed the Remote Receiver, part 85112-02, and apparently it's no longer available, but I don't think the receive is the problem. Any feedback would be welcome."]
["So what are you waiting for?", "With our competitive pricing, trained and experienced technicians, and well-rounded list of home services, we’re clearly the company to trust. Get in touch with us here at Brothers Plumbing, Heating and Electric to schedule your needed service today!"]
["Has another company told you that your furnace has a cracked heat exchanger?", "The heat exchanger is the heart of your furnace. Its failure can result in a dangerous situation for your home and the best solution is usually a new furnace. Because of these issues, Bonney takes this situation very seriously. We will offer you proof of the cracked heat exchanger in the form of a picture from our video inspection camera or a report from our exhaust gas analyzer, before we make our recommendation."]
["Have you ever tried to take your tribe of little folks into a bookstore?", "Trying to keep an eye on everyone while thumbing through books and explaining why you aren’t going to buy THAT book to a pleading preschooler is not a recipe for peace of mind. The great thing about a book subscription is that the books are delivered directly to your door. Let’s be honest, this is a big reason to choose a subscription to Bookroo!"]
["Feeling like you won’t be able to make it to the weekend?", "Let BREWVANA pick you up November 8 and take you on an adventure across Portland to visit some of our favorite spots to get a weekday cold one!"]
["Feeling peckish after so much great beer?", "Widmer has got you covered! We’ll cross one of Portland’s many bridges, take in a one of a kind view, and finish our romp through Portland at Widmer, the city’s largest brewery, for some award winning brews and appetizers."]
["How come brands and marketers apply it to their mix?", "You can’t generalize something if it’s not working for you but everything changed when I ventured on adding it on to my personal campaigns when I worked for a Sports Club as a Sales Consultant."]
["So if it’s all made up, these obsessions and compulsions…then why go through all that trouble?", "The answer from Hirst himself, as quoted by Julian Stallabrass who quotes Hirst as saying as early as 1990, before he had made his big breakthrough:"]
["Do these numbers surprise you?", "They should, because domestic violence is our best kept secret in this country. No one wants to talk about it, and even fewer will admit they are part of this statistic. But I stand before you today admitting that I a member of this statistic. I have worn the scarlet letter of victim for most of my life. I carried the shame of victimhood far too long. I believed the lies my abuser and Satan spoke to me, lies that told me I was unloveable. Unwanted. Worthless."]
["What do you do, or what will you do, when life throws you a curve ball?", "None of us are assured that life will simply go smoothly for us. We must prepare ourselves to deal with the challenges and obstacles that might come our way. We must also prepare ourselves to help friends, family, and others in the church who are pitched a curveball in life."]
["How do you feel after purchasing them?", "Well, you feel confident while wearing a lingerie that fits. Nevertheless, you have your favorite mall where you buy your undergarments once in a while. If you … Continue reading →"]
["Ever wanted to know what ‘bliss’ or ‘holy’ means?", "Such key spiritual words are commonly used but have many interpretations. LISN has created a glossary of such terms. These are bold and underlined with a dotted line, and you can see an excerpt appear with one click!"]
["Well, if you don’t have any money in the bank and an emergency does happen, how are you going to pay for it?", "For most people, credit cards become the funding source for those emergencies. If you are trying to get out of debt then you need to put a buffer between you and debt; that is exactly what an emergency fund does."]
["Are you employing practices that make you feel calm, or strong, or successful?", "As I juggle a few passion projects and part-time work before uni starts, I'm trying to use this time to get a head with my health; the first thing that slips when life gets chaotic. Establishing small routines and moving my body a few times a week feels really good, and achieving those things throughout the day centres me when other things can feel tiresome."]
["Can you tell what it is?", "As Roger said himself in the grading…it’s ‘reasonably convincing’ though when I quickly re-drew the map some years later to show my own students what they were ‘seeing’ (including copious Snowpake!) the map becomes somewhat more obvious in general structure:"]
["And you want me to keep turning you every day?", "This is ridiculous.” (Or words to that effect.) She wasn’t angry, just speaking in her honest, straight forward way. She was done…and she could see that he was done."]
["Are we ever prepared for grief?", "Or, is it simply ingrained in the fabric of life that we know instinctively how to grieve. If we are alive, we will experience loss and we will grieve. But it doesn’t feel instinctual. It feels hard. Like you’re expected to dance to a new tune you’ve never heard. It’s a different beat."]
["How did they recover?", "I don’t know because I didn’t attend the funeral or ever talk to them. That same year my finance got another girl pregnant just months before our marriage. I buried my grief but wondered if her father was going to be present at our wedding."]
["For some reason we caught the front bunch here... they must have slowed down?", "Some people turned left for a lap of the island and I dearly wanted to come along but time was getting tight and I was fearful that I would only last a few seconds and then have to fight the headwind solo all the way back up the west side. Reluctantly I went straight but it was the right call. Those last couple of inclines crossing the island were torture for me and I would have been miserable had I gone south."]
["So how do we accelerate this process?", "We commit our bodies, minds and spirits to awakening. We let nothing stop us on the path to vibrational ascension. As the veil slowly lifts from our eyes, and we push through our own personal detox, we do our part to eliminate the darkness of humanity and stop this twisted cycle of fear, control and harm."]
["Normally, that’s not my job to coin terms; that’s a terminologist’s but do we have the time to wait until a dictionary is updated to fix the problem?", "So, here, we are talking about problem solving, and this takes time, and time means money. There are ongoing efforts to update dictionaries in Arabic but with the fast pace with which terms emerge in some industries. When I consider these factors, I bake them right into my project pricing."]
["Normally, that’s not my job to coin terms; that’s a terminologist’s but do we have the time to wait until a dictionary is updated to fix the problem?", "So, here, we are talking about problem solving, and this takes time, and time means money. There are ongoing efforts to update dictionaries in Arabic but with the fast pace with which terms emerge in some industries. When I consider these factors, I bake them right into my project pricing."]
["Did he mean vampires literally got pushed back at the first smell of garlic?", "Yes, he said He sealed his fate as I then asked if the force of repulsion was additive or multiplicative. He said the latter with a confused tone, probably not sure where I was going with it. I then put two and a half years of mechanical engineering schooling to work creating a vampire cannon. Put a mask on the vampire so they can't smell the two hundred cloves of garlic right next to them. Remove mask, boom, you have a vampire projectile at your disposal My DM still hates me for breaking the physics of his universe Source: probablybadrpgideas #not mine #1 hope you are ok with me reblogging this See all 4,759 notes Vampire Cannon"]
["What was the last thing that made you cry?", "I went to theatre school. I took two semesters of ballet. I'm the sissy in my family. I cry with pretty great regularity. It's not entirely accurate to equate me with manliness. I stand for my principals and I work hard and I have good manners but machismo is a double-sided coin. Alot of people thin k it requires behavior that can quickly veer into misogyny and things I consider indecent. We've been sold this weird John Wayne mentality that fistfights and violence are vital to being a man. I'd rather hug tharn punch. Crying at something that moves you to joy or sadness is just as manly as chopping down a tree or punching out a bad guy. To answer your question, I recently saw Alicia Keys perform live. I'd never seen her before and the sheer golden, heavenly talent issuing from her and her singing instrument had both my wife and me in tears. What a gorgeous gift she has. Her voice is so great. And I had no shame [about crying.] If you live your life openly with your emotions, that's a more manly stance than burying them Nick Offerman being wholesome"]
["What was the last thing that made you cry?", "I went to theatre school. I took two semesters of ballet. I'm the sissy in my family. I cry with pretty great regularity. It's not entirely accurate to equate me with manliness. I stand for my principals and I work hard and I have good manners but machismo is a double-sided coin. Alot of people thin k it requires behavior that can quickly veer into misogyny and things I consider indecent. We've been sold this weird John Wayne mentality that fistfights and violence are vital to being a man. I'd rather hug tharn punch. Crying at something that moves you to joy or sadness is just as manly as chopping down a tree or punching out a bad guy. To answer your question, I recently saw Alicia Keys perform live. I'd never seen her before and the sheer golden, heavenly talent issuing from her and her singing instrument had both my wife and me in tears. What a gorgeous gift she has. Her voice is so great. And I had no shame [about crying.] If you live your life openly with your emotions, that's a more manly stance than burying them Nick Offerman being wholesome via /r/wholesomememes https://ift.tt/2ANsyZq"]
["Do you really think that it is you who influence your choice of friends?", "In fact, friends are a present or punishment from God for everything you do! As you know, you can tell a lot about a person by the friends he or she has. This is definitely true! True friends are our soul relatives, they are our reflection. Even if you think you do not have much in common with your best friends, take a closer look. You will definitely find a lot of things which unite both of you!"]
["Do you have somebody to call you his/her best buddy?", "Hurry up to say “thank you for being my best friend” to him or her! There are plenty of nice things to say to your bestie! You may send a nice paragraph with long text to your friend explaining “why you are my best friend”; or share some captions with your online friends via Instagram, Facebook, Twitter and other social networks. Whatever way you choose to write the warm words of gratitude to your best friend, he or she will be happy to hear that you highly appreciate your friendship!"]
["Feel the lack of words when trying to express the gratitude to your best friend?", "A long paragraph with nice words of appreciation is appropriate to use in any situation! Say “Thank you” to a friend and explain why you are happy to have a true friendship with him or her!"]
["Is your friend really the best?", "Keep up with him or her! Friendship is not about a one-sided relationship. If you want to have a devoted friend, you have to be such a person. Prove this to your friend in deed as well as a word! Constant reminders, such as “you are my best friend” paragraphs, will never go unrewarded!"]
["Are you going to delight your best friend with some cute paragraphs?", "The following ideas of wonderful messages, devoted to friends and friendship, may become an ideal variant to send to your friend as well as read for your own pleasure! Everybody will appreciate the deep meaning of these paragraphs:"]
["You experience something like excitement, reading a paragraph, sent by the best friend, do not you?", "The same is about your friend, who will be happy to receive a bff paragraph from you! Nice emojis will surely put a smile on his or her face!"]
["Does he or she need to get a piece of inspiration to achieve something during the day?", "You may help your best friend to ease coping with any kind of problems! Wake your friend up with the help of sweet paragraphs, which will bring motivation into every day!"]
["Know what, pal?", "Life is great. Sitting here, drinking coffee and watching the sunrise brings me so much pleasure. There is only one little thing I regret: you’re not here with me. Hope you are having a delightful morning too."]
["Who says that only a boyfriend or girlfriend needs to receive great messages in the morning?", "Your best friend also wants to wake up to your good morning paragraphs! A minute of your morning time is enough to choose one or two cheerful paragraphs and send it to your bestie!"]
["How are you this morning?", "I hope that waking up today is so much better than your most wonderful dreams. I hope that sharing your morning coffee with me is so much better than drinking it alone in your kitchen apartment. Get dressed because I will be coming by and picking you up so we can have a quick cup before heading for work. Obviously, I missed you very much. You know I miss you every day anyway. See you!"]
["Ever notice that fears feed discouragement?", "You’re afraid of what might happen to your child with mental illness (MI) and your worrying grows. The problems inflate to a size too massive to handle."]
["If she did, who would attend to the needs of her most vulnerable child?", "Isaiah 41:17 promises that “The poor and needy search for water, but there is none; their tongues are parched with thirst. But I the Lord will answer them; I, the God of Israel, will not forsake them” (Isaiah 41:17)."]
["But what kind of a life could it have truly been without goodness, kindness, and compassion?", "As tradition tells us, the people who populated the earth were evil and only Noah had a relationship with God. God was left brokenhearted by the state of things. I can’t help but feel broken-hearted these days. It seems very clear that so many of us, on all different idealogical sides, live in a state of fear. Fear of job security, fear of terrorism, fear of discrimination, fear of harassment. My fear is that if we continue to act out of our fear that we will get swept away by it—swept into bigger echo-chambers, swept into self-righteousness, swept away by yelling, swept away by intimidation and name calling. And what’s worse, what if those things became as common place as eating and drinking. May we not mistake that way of being for the one who sustains us and who keeps us safe. Turn back toward one another, turn back toward love."]
["Can you even imagine one penny could make you a millionaire?", "You will be surprised how many pennies are circulated daily and no one knows how much it really is worth. This would be a great time to go through your house and gather all your pennies, go to your grandparents and ask if they have any old coins, get penny rolls from the banks. Then make a family night and dump them all out and be sure to have a magnifying glass then begin your family's treasure hunt! Not only will this be a fun activity, this will also bring your family together with less distractions from cell phones and television. as you begin to go through your coins you may notice certain dates that you could not even imagine when you begin to have an eye for something so valuable. I enjoyed writing this ebook for those who don't know the value of a penny. Now when I'm at the store I hold my pennies as well as tell them to give me five pennies instead of a nickel. You just never know when that rare find will end up right in your hand! So now when you're walking down the street see a penny pick it up! It's like Lotto, hey you never know so get to today because you just might be rich tomorrow"]
["Do you enjoy watching movies, but you do not know which movie to choose and where can you view it?", "Movs.io will help you find videos especially for you. In addition, you'll be able to check if the video is available on your favorite Video On Demand site (VOD)"]
["Shew, it’s been a while since my last post, right?", "Well, I’m here today to tell you about a new moisturizing cream I was sent to review! As the title indicates, it is a super moisturizing anti-wrinkle cream by the brand Anavita."]
["Considering a second career in public education?", "This seminar will inform you about the teaching profession, the steps required to earn a teaching license, and employment opportunities in public education. You will learn about the[...]"]
["And if you’re not the problem, then who or what is?", "The problem is how you react to that missed training session, bowl of pasta, and just one more cigarette then I quit, I swear! So it’s not you, because you are a fully formed wonderful human rich in complexity and certainly not in need of an about-face in character. What you need is a bit of a tweak and that tweak is in how you react to failure."]
["Maybe you’re more cranky when you’re dehydrated?", "Or maybe this one doesn’t apply to you. But in general, we could all drink a little more water. And in terms of health resolutions, drinking more water as boring as the taste may be, is always the number one rule. I didn’t make this one, but I know that when I follow it, I inevitably feel one thousand times better."]
["You want a read a book a month?", "For the next week cut your facebook time in half and use that time for reading. For the following week, bring your book with you everywhere. Week three, no facebook unless you’re at home – subway rides, bus stops, and coffee shops are all reading zones. Week four, take a complete respite from facebook. Don’t worry, it’ll still be there next week and you’ll be surprised (or perhaps not so surprised) to find that nothing much has changed. But what has changed is that you’ve likely made a big dent in that book."]
["Did you dream about your neighbor?", "Then she’s most certainly a witch. A hailstorm isn’t just a hailstorm. The neighbor’s pig that wandered onto your land isn’t just a pig. To people consumed with prayer and chores, everything had meaning, and that meaning was usually the Devil."]
["Did you spot the surprise link with the farm?", "Louise’s Granddad Fotheringham and the Laird of our Estate is a Fothringham. There is a slight change in the spelling but as I understand it the surnames have the same origin and probably came from Hungary hundreds of years ago. Such a coincidence!"]
["Want them to eat healthier?", "Include them in your shopping trips and have them pick out the vegetables. Pull up a chair to the counter and let them chop and mix and stir."]
["Do you like this fixture for your bathroom or that one?", "Small decisions give you a chance to narrow down your preferences while letting your kids feel like they are a part of the process. And as such, they will become more excited about move-in day."]
["Want a pop of color?", "Play around with the color of the door. While you don’t want to give your kids an open question on what color to select – hot pink might not be the best choice to “fit in” with the neighborhood. But once you’ve narrowed it down to a handful, get their opinion too. It calms them down. Brings them into the process. Lets them think about the transition in a new way."]
["Why does the legend persist?", "The in crucible introduction essay hysteria The Crucible essay on the crucible hysteria essay about holiday in malacca key themes: essay on the crucible hysteria In essay on the crucible hysteria The Crucible Massachusetts, mass hysteria costs innocent lives in Salem much as mass essay on the crucible hysteria hysteria was destroying livelihoods during the Red. Arthur Miller' s classic parable of mass hysteria draws a chilling parallel between creative writing grade 3 the Salem witch- hunt of 1692 – ' one of the strangest and hysteria."]
["Are you looking to fall in love with your home all over again?", "This is a simple thing to do with a few updates or additions to your current decorating style. If you have recently travelled to Europe, chances are you fell in love with the style and the feel of the continent and are wanting to incorporate several European touches into your home. Adding elements of home decor from Europe is becoming more and more common in North America, and here are a few tips if you are trying to do this to your home."]
["That’s what friends are for, right?", "Hopefully I am not in denial by saying that. It is not always that I have clarity. In Vermont I had clarity 90% of the time, but here in the city I simply cannot hear the call. I am not grounded here and find it very hard to really sit still and listen."]
["I want to know his mission… his vision — does he have one?", "I want to work together to create something. I never had anyone guiding me or directing me growing up – I guided and directed myself; I learned things the hard way and my own way."]
["Whoa, are you serious?", "You were denouncing the use of formula, when a mother back in the 60’s left a child with the county to be raised as a ward, there was no mother to breast feed the baby. Many mothers today give the child up for adoption and the adoptive mother can’t breast feed the baby. Millions of children grow up on formula most often out of necessity."]
["Unless you spend a lot of fuckin’ money – which we didn’t, we only spent $200 bucks or $300 bucks or something?", "We recorded it on tape and, yeah, it was pretty sweet. But I think they mastered it pretty shit – they mastered it digitally and it just didn’t come out very well."]
["So what does the &apos;it&apos; refer to?", "The answer lies in the surprising study of the Last Supper and the Jewish Passover. To understand “Christian liturgy,” we must first understand “Jewish liturgy” (CCC, no. 1096). These two classes will look at the Jewish roots of the Eucharist and Christ&apos;s implementation of the New Passover."]
["Anyways, what does this look like to you guys?", "Saw it enroute to Le Mans from Stuttgart last friday. Caught it on my GoPro, both angles. Don't have any other images than these snapshots from my GoPro video."]
["How fast can alerts based on email actually be?", "It turns out they can be really, really fast when you have mail servers that deliver emails directly to the application (they do not go to a mailbox that requires checking)."]
["If so, have you kept them?", "I took a poll at the Rotary Club of Portland‘s weekly meeting and was happy to see how many of my fellow Rotarians kept their hands raised for both questions."]
["With service in a special services on 20 june 2018 storm season?", "Browse profiles photos of the best suited for: 203 496-4676; service for their families. Stamfords mean speed dating sites are agreeing to use of. Join for singles on 10/25/2018 for a part of singles in stamford man has the stamford ct. Amtrak train station in a rich men and responses here than any information about getting started with products in august at 7pm! National trust: see your matches for online dating sites combined! Opening date attractive, and men are not stamford chat, october 11 - speed dating stamford. Hi my name is a group classes, ct. Masterfully prepared dry aged steaks, and more relationships, introductions, inc. Things to see tripadvisor's 3781 traveler reviews, ct serves patients at. J cares service adding passenger trains; marketing communications; legal compliance; legal compliance; 20 june 2018, reviews and men dating sites australia, natural resources flourish. This page content - speed dating sites are looking to improve our free personal ads are. Join, and exhibits on the worlds largest dating sites australia, memorable, subaru vehicles in stamford videos real estate stamford for single women. By the real estate stamford sells and delicious events, photos of singles in stamford plaza feel awkward. There is intent on creating an enclosed waiting area, chat rooms, subaru vehicles in stamford. There's a date night sitter on creating an investment scheme that all site you cannot help feeling that they are. Support std sites are agreeing to join us for singles in connecticut dating stamford, local dating website. Discover the scam for a lot going on eharmony - stamford. Among downtown stamford, connecticut: 8: 8: october 31, conn."]
["Signup free email and exhibits read more 20 oct 2018 storm season?", "Free to provide an enjoyable alternative to stay at. Our free to online dating site, every friday in connecticut dating site for free dating with accessible platform and men and free, ct! There's a fantastic way to search for love in stamford online. Visit the right singles, is a 66-year-old stamford, tears in stamford dating sites for the premise of singles, as the museum, ct! You can get directions, and fine wines await at lovendly, is one of people."]
["A little to the right?", "Ah, there we go. One of the endpapers in the last book does advertise an Ivy Hill Christmas novella coming in the future, so that’s at least something."]
["So, what on earth is so great about this series?", "For me, the characters are all very realized and very well-rounded, and even though in real life not everyone gets a happy ending, in this book world the characters work out everything by faith, trust, honesty, and love, and the happy endings fit. It’s a cheery, fantasy world where nothing super bad really happens. Also, for some of the romances it’s a question of who the women will choose, so there’s a little suspense in that. The men are pretty much all dreamy, which is just as they should be. The one thing I’d say the series lacks is more humor, but not every author can make me laugh out loud like Fanny Burney, not even “dear Jane.” Tales from Ivy Hill would be a perfect book series for, say, the BBC to adapt into a TV series with several seasons–I mean series, because in Britain a show season is called a series–which is series-ly confusing."]
["Doesn’t one have to know another person very well, both their flaws and their brilliance, to say that you actually love them for all of them?", "If we’re honest, we’d have to say no. Most of the time, sure, especially in romance, it’s good to get to know your partner thoroughly before declaring your love, but it’s completely possible that there are couples who have the ability to know each other through and through almost instantly. It doesn’t make sense and almost seems like magic, but all love is a sort of magic, really. That love should exist alongside all of the bad in the world doesn’t truly make sense–but it doesn’t have to."]
["Children love their parents while actually knowing very little about them as people–their hopes, dreams, desires, past wrongs and faults, and yet we don’t declare their love as being false in some way, do we?", "Love at first sight for another person is something we all will likely experience at least once in our lifetimes, but it’s scary, so many people run away from it–thinking it can’t possibly be true–rather than embracing it as Anne does here. Her lover is dumbfounded by her and at first fiercely pushes her and her instalove away. When they actually do get time together, he is uneasy. This love is something that is rapidly overwhelming his world. Here is a woman who with no guile declares her love for him and that she will fight for him. And, because of that love, she’s asking for the same in return, that he declare his love for her, and that he fight for her as well. For any man, I think this would be a scary situation. It’s maybe easier on men when women don’t declare their intentions quite so openly. Openness leaves no way out: A man either rises to the occasion or he does not. In this case, as a man probably would, he warns Anne that there will be no turning back, no getting out of this relationship once he’s all in. As if that would scare her. She passes all of his tests, every single one, but is no small task to accept a man’s love. His warning is a strong one that we women should take to heart, for men, once they are in, they are all in. Such love is precious and should be treated as such."]
["Is this instant love realistic?", "For most people, no, but a few willing to take the leap find that the blessings of it far outweigh the risks. Christie muses a lot on the fact that all most women want is a man who will fight for them, who will want them and who will not say “the choice is yours,” but rather, “I want you, and I’m keeping you no matter what.” To our modern ears this sounds a bit caveman like, but it is true that there’s a bit of a turn off if the person you love tells you it doesn’t matter whether you are with them or not. They mean to be kind in giving the other person the choice, but, oh, what a blow to the soul. God’s love is never like this: He loves us and wants us completely and will always fight for us. His love is both instant and eternal. Earthly romance is supposed to be a mirror of this quality of God, but we so often lack the courage to manifest it. It’s wonderful and comforting to be able to look to a Being who has perfect love when we so often don’t. We see it is possible, that everything can be possible with Him."]
["Do you need a stunning laptop mockup template that speaks to your specific target consumer?", "Here we have a fun Placeit template featuring a night time party scene with a look at a MacBook Pro behind the DJ booth. This DJ knows how to make a party memorable and your website or app is clearly the secret to his success. Appeal to your potential customers instantly with this true to life, beautifully designed Placeit stock photo of a Macbook Pro. See your website or web app come to life on the black MacBook Pro in angled landscape position with a quick and easy-to-create mockup. Just drag and drop a screenshot of your app or website directly onto the MacBook or click on the \"Grab Screenshot From URL\" button above the photo and type in the URL as prompted so Placeit marketing experts can do it for. Get noticed with this Placeit MacBook marketing template."]
["So why do people put nappies in the recycling?", "Well it seems that some people genuinely believe they are recyclable, after all, they are made from plastic. If the nappies are processed in specially designed systems, the waste and plastic can be separated and recycled. But those systems do not currently exist in Australia for households and our council collections are not set up to separate the nappies for future processing."]
["Aren’t similar principles applied to both?", "We know that an all black is always a success, that a an evening dress calls for elegant heels, a dull outfit would be remembered if accessorized properly, leather goes perfectly with organic textile and it goes on and on."]
["What was it that made them so desirable?", "Well, there were a few reasons they have been so successful. First of all, they look dope, especially if you’re a fan of wooden earcups. They have a design aesthetic that’s is immediately appealing with its simplistic elegance."]
["How deeply do any of us know our own selves?", "Ask yourself. We hold a picture of how we wish to be and hope it goes forever unchallenged. Passing through life never pursuing aspects of our natures with which we’d rather not reckon. Dying strangers to ourselves."]
["What makes a professional photographer?", "Hint: It is NOT owning a “nice camera.” It is having education as well as experience in lighting and posing. It’s also owning appropriate professional grade equipment as well as possessing the knowledge of how to use said equipment. It’s also being covered by insurance which protects us as well as you, it’s having a backup system that duplicates everything we shoot so there will be no danger of a technical difficulty if one of our cards goes bad, and it’s having a sound contract in place which covers both parties."]
["Did my post title catch your attention?", "Good. We’ll talk more about that in a moment. If you’ve noticed, on Tuesdays during pet peeve month, I’ve been discussing gross discrepancies in various laws as they apply to certain people. Well, I’m not off my soapbox yet."]
["Need more proof?", "In 1982, again, right here in my home state, Susan Assaid aided and abetted her boyfriend in torturing her five-year old daughter, Ursula “Sunshine” Assaid, for 55 hours before brutally murdering her then dumping her body in a retention pond. She received only a 15-year sentence and has long since been released and moved to California. The boyfriend who led in the abuse was killed in prison by another inmate in 1996. The judge who presided over this trial and sentenced the parents was the same judge who did a rotten job on my custody case with my son. Of course that’s after he was reassigned to family court after being caught keeping porn in his chambers, but that’s a different story."]
["Is it possible to make them understand what they have taken from you?", "And if so, where do you draw the line between revenge and justice. All of these elements come into play in Hellbound, but play out in a way I think most people will find surprising."]
["Perhaps you like our style but you’re looking for something specific?", "Great! Let us know what you need and we’ll get back to you with a few reasonable propositions of production content. You can use our chat or send us an email at contact@raw.film."]
["Young and beautiful woman?", "Get an escort job now! Escort jobs are all about petting the egos of men - shares Penny, a young women in her 30's, mother of two who lives a different life now, but is eager to share her exper details"]
["Unsure if it’s right for you?", "We’ve explored 20 ways that your everyday life is easier when you use Wolfram Alpha 20 Ways Everyday Life is Easier with Wolfram Alpha 20 Ways Everyday Life is Easier with Wolfram Alpha There is something about Wolfram Alpha. It makes complicated computations cool again. Here are 20 ways to put the engine to everyday use. Read More ."]
["Does your pet regard your lawn as the perfect place to snack?", "Eating grass may not seem very appetizing to you, but your pet doesn't share your disdain. In fact, both dogs and cats enjoy eating a little grass from time to time. We'll explore why pets eat grass and explain what you should do if you notice that your furry friend loves the green stuff."]
["Not sure what kind of grass to plant?", "Wheatgrass seeds, available online and in garden stores, offer a good source of protein, potassium, fiber, iron, zinc, copper and vitamins A, C, E, K, and B6."]
["With swoon-worthy demons and snarky heroines, what’s not to love?", "Ms. Ryals takes a very popular genre and makes it her own. Redemption is unlike anything I have ever read and I am officially a fan for life! ~Pyxi Rose"]
["Do they wear it?", "I have written about artist Kerri Rosenthal’s happy art and the wonderful positive feelings she puts into creating it. My clients who like her work and have brought it into their home respond to the bright color and energy."]
["Do they like animals?", "Many people respond to images of animals, and horses are possibly the most popular. It may seem as though it’s been a recent trend, but the love of animals is age-old and perhaps a reflection of our interest in and protection of our own families. Holiday is a great time to reflect this in our gift-giving. Photographer Shelli Breidenbach, is world renowned for her horse photography. In her collections are a variety of images, Athos and Gambler"]
["Do they like nature, being outdoors?", "A trend I have noticed, is an increasing interest in abstract landscape and seascape photography. The beauty of nature, the quiet of the ocean, a farm or field, the serenity of the colors and the horizon take many of us to a special place. These images evoke memories of time spent with family and friends. Photographer Stefan Radtke has created a collection of Atmospheric Landscapes. It is especially nice that he photographs on the LI Sound, making his work appealing for Westchester and CT residents who can relate to the locales. Moved #6"]
["Do they travel?", "Kit Kittle’s Bubble Collection is fun because the images take you around the world via his views through a bubble. This photograph was taken in the Gulf of Thailand where “islands leap straight-up from the clear turquoise water.”"]
["Do they like abstract art?", "That may be a difficult question to answer. Many abstract artists paint their interpretation of what they see, a landscape, seascape, portrait or even a still life. The response to abstract artwork is elusive, it may be a response to the color, form, shapes or combination of all. Claudia Mengel’s “work comes from not looking, but experiencing the world around me, and then translating these visual and emotional perceptions.”"]
["Where have your friends lived?", "I often get requests for images of New York City. For people who either live in or have left the city, it’s fun to have a photo that recalls a favorite spot. I like the abstracted images of New York, you feel the energy, see the lights, the cabs. Barbara Erdmann looks for interesting graphic patterns in her photos, like Urbane"]
["Another reason why it felt easier to get out there in the cold today?", "Well, we spent practically the entire day outside yesterday, in the -14 degree weather, as we went on a cycling adventure to the nearby countryside of Molimiao, where there is a huge reservoir (according to the map and to info online), so, you know: we CAN do hard things, and thinking about the hours spent outside yesterday would be nothing compared to a measly one hour or so spent running by the frozen river."]
["Do you or hubby read the language or speak it?", "I think you mentioned you can speak some...just curious how you figure things as you go along. I just speak one language and failed my attempt to learn a second in school, I guess that area of my brain is challenged lol"]
["After all, if these businesses have joined our club, then we must be a good club, right?", "This will encourage potential members (both business and personal) to join us, as we have the endorsements of these respected business members of our community. More “Fellowship” ensues."]
["Every high school has a principal, but how well do you know yours?", "Mrs. Mica Buenning is our school’s first female principal and she wants to share who she is, not only in her work role but as a supportive and approachable adult to go to, for all students at RVHS. She has achieved her teenage dream career of being a principal."]
["Why wouldn’t you?", "They let you manage all your content on nice admin screens and PHP, ASP.NET, or whatever serverside technology your CMS is built on will magically and dynamically create your website pages every single time a user hits your page. It’s one of the many ways the web has become so powerful since the olden days when all websites were just a link or two and a flashing, seizure-inducing banner at the top."]
["But do they follow the holiness?", "Celibacy is one of the sacrosanct vows that they have to take. But as humans first and men, it is not easy to be celibate. It is easy to be tempted. I know of a lady following a priest to every parish he was stationed, in the hope of finally getting him. And I know of priests who have quit after years of being a priest and married their fellow parishioners too. But I also heard enough of priests and their shenanigans."]
["The question is, why have these erudite men and women failed in the application of knowledge to solve national, social, economic and political problems?", "The reason is obvious. It is because the foundation on which our scholars built their knowledge is one that rests on the philosophy of ‘Might is Right’."]
["Ready for smooth, youthful looking skin but not interested in surgery?", "Our most popular skincare treatment works to reduce the appearance of wrinkles, fine lines, sagging skin, and to assist in the production of collagen and elastin. This treatment begins with our Dermaglide microdermabrasion, which uses medical grade, high-purity sodium bicarbonate crystals to deeply exfoliate the skin. A refining organic corrective peel is then applied; this is followed by our LED Red Light Therapy, which will improve skin texture and reduce fine lines and age spots. Finally, micro-current therapy is used to stimulate and tone facial muscles, creating a firming and lifting effect on the skin."]
["Want glowing and youthful skin that boasts the appearance of fewer lines and wrinkles?", "Using the powers of hyaluronic acid, skin is plumped, firmed and hydrated. The phytonutrients, antioxidants and vitamins found in acai and brambleberry turn back the hands of time leaving your skin with an ageless beauty glow. Includes Red LED Light Therapy to encourage collagen production of the skin."]
["Did it take some ultraslick supercomputer to do the job?", "Nope. [Lead author Nicholas Tatonetti] says his MacBook Pro was up to the task. It's just a matter of training the right software algorithm to look for specific side effects and turning it loose, he says. The analysis only takes a few minutes."]
["Does that mean clouds don’t exist?", "Of course not. It just means that they are not chunks of cotton wool. The self is like a cloud that not only looks like a single object from the outside, but feels like one from the inside too. Knowing the truth doesn’t change the way it either looks or feels, and nor does it conjure it out of existence. It simply makes us recognise that at root each of us is an ever-changing flux, not a never-changing core. The solidity of self is an illusion; the self itself is not. The Ego Trick is not to persuade us that we exist when we do not, but to make us believe we are more substantial and enduring that we really are. There maybe an illusion as to what we really are, but not that we really are.\""]
["Having trouble starting your meditation program?", "I have been practicing meditation for 15 years and would love to help you get started. Most people can begin to successfully meditate in as little as three to four 30 minute sessions."]
["So the awesome thing when you think you are some decent runner and you spend you summer climbing crazy mountains and living outside?", "When you you hear your Mom, Grandma to 7 say “oh guys hold on let’s wait for your Mom”. That’s right, my Mom, in jeans and Puma’s, was kicking my ass up the mountain. At some point wearing 60lbs isn’t an excuse… I am fired. So she kicked my ass up, and then back down (I only wear Tru on the way down, Tenny hikes). And I… I am deflated. This would be a true moment when you are put in your place and realize you are NOT the badass you think you are… sigh…"]
["Why does a 2-year-old want to sit in their own excrement?", "So when Tajh approached 2 I knew I had to handle this before it became a disaster. By his second birthday Tajh was out of diapers, Mommy win."]
["Time consuming you ask?", "Not really. She sat and we read books, played games, had a snack, we made it work. The only real problem being, they don’t make underwear small enough for a 1-year-old. She did however go back down in clothing sizes due to the lack of diaper which meant less clothes to buy. Mommy win."]
["But what happens when your milk ducts start to clog and add on to your stress in breastfeeding?", "No doubt that it becomes more painful and challenging for you. But fear not, mums! We share how to clear a clogged milk duct through breast massage in 5 gentle, simple steps."]
["Or why not check out local up-and-coming designers?", "As a true anti-princess and avantgarde, avoid the warehouse high-street style bridal shops all together, and rather look in hard-to-find places such as quirky small scale designer shops, or Etsy."]
["Want to turn your bad images into good ones and your good ones into great ones?", "All you need is a little retouching. Rather than spending hours watching tutorials on superfluous details, however, this course gets right to the point with essential tools and techniques in Photoshop to immaculately retouch photos."]
["What do you get if you combine moccasins, a book, and a dashboard?", "Answer: this photo! Duh! . #wasthatjokelameorwhat #books #reading #shoes #photography #trees #fall #Autumn #moccasins #book #fashion #dashboard #carride #library #lamejoke #iwishitwaswednesday #waiting #christianblogger #christian #brown #style #nativeamerican #target #thatsenoughhashtags #waitonemore #okimdone"]
["History is forever repeating itself, so why not use our own brains to research it and use our knowledge to better the future?", "We each hold the brainpower to learn and to discern. I, personally, love history, though I know many people who have pledged their hearts against it. But history is not just all about dates and names. It’s about stories, great legends, and the lives of our very own ancestors!"]
["What do you get if you combine moccasins, a book, and a dashboard?", "Answer: this photo! Duh! . #wasthatjokelameorwhat #books #reading #shoes #photography #trees #fall #Autumn #moccasins #book #fashion #dashboard #carride #library #lamejoke #iwishitwaswednesday #waiting #christianblogger #christian #brown #style #nativeamerican #target #thatsenoughhashtags #waitonemore #okimdone"]
["What do you get if you combine moccasins, a book, and a dashboard?", "Answer: this photo! Duh! . #wasthatjokelameorwhat #books #reading #shoes #photography #trees #fall #Autumn #moccasins #book #fashion #dashboard #carride #library #lamejoke #iwishitwaswednesday #waiting #christianblogger #christian #brown #style #nativeamerican #target #thatsenoughhashtags #waitonemore #okimdone"]
["So with this pesky contraction thing why would any one choose succinylcholine?", "The nice thing is that the half-life is much much shorter than rocuronium, so if things don’t work out quite the way you want them to, or you just want something fast, you don’t need to continue to help the patient breath."]
["Do you learn anything new in the following paragraphs?", "Should your fact is yes, then ensure that you remember everything you learned when you go to work. Use the ideas and advice in the following paragraphs to thrill your manager, and you might get to be a boss yourself some day. You could possibly even decide to be your own boss!"]
["And was his death part of a pattern?", "Marwan was the third Egyptian living in London to die in similar circumstances. (June 2001: the actor Soad Hosny fell from the balcony of Stuart Tower, a block of flats in Maida Vale, after she approached a publisher offering to write her memoirs. August 1973: El-Leithy Nassif, former head of the late Egyptian president Anwar Sadat’s presidential guard, fell from a balcony in the very same tower. He too was writing his memoirs.) All three victims had links to the Egyptian security services."]
["What do you do when you don’t have time to prepare meals or your job isn’t conducive with packing your lunch?", "OR you’re like me and just love to eat out! Then you have to look for meal and supplement options that will work for you and your goals. Here are some ideas for quick meals… Continue reading Quick Meals and Supplements! (Listed)"]
["Fed up of not being able to find important clients?", "Tag them! This plugin allows you to tag your records to identify them instantly. Color coded tags make it even simpler to catch them. Through Tag Management for SuiteCRM, the user can handle large amounts of records with similar attributes or type..."]
["Why are these the pillars of your strategic five year plan?", "The Rationale section outlines the reasons underpinning the pillars of your strategy. Make sure the ‘What’ and the ‘Why’ at the core of your business align, as they guide how you move forward."]
["Where are you shopping for the most stylish accessories?", "For more celebrity style posts, check out Emma Stone for Marie Claire‘s September issue, Gabrielle Union’s newest collection for New York & Company, blazers on Jennifer Lopez & Olivia Palermo, & Rachel Bilson’s Old Navy denim look! Happy Styling!"]
["What color has been on your mind this summer?", "For more celebrity inspiration, check out previous posts including pencil skirt options as seen on Kerry Washington & Christina Hendricks, Angelina Jolie’s nude strappy flats, & Blake Lively’s princess street style. Happy Styling!"]
["Who inspires your style?", "For more stylish posts, check out fall’s go-to look of plaid & a statement necklace inspired by Rihanna & Jessica Alba, budget-friendly earrings for the holidays like Taylor Swift & Angelina Jolie, Olivia Palermo’s entire shoot for Holt Renfrew, & how to get Victoria Beckham’s sleek menswear look for less. Also, check out more red carpet posts from Top 10 Celeb Sightings, including Allison Williams & Gigi Hadid, Diane Kruger & Nina Dobrev, Emilia Clarke & Miranda Kerr, & Kate Hudson & Emily Blunt. Happy Styling!"]
["Whose style do you like to emulate most?", "For more stylish posts, check out Jennifer Lopez’s recent American Idol performance, white-hot celebrity style inspired by Shailene Woodley & Sarah Hyland, a complete runway gallery from Oscar de la Renta’s Fall 2015 show during fashion week, & bucket bags for a bargain inspired by Halston & Saint Laurent. Happy Styling!"]
["What were the hottest trends on the red carpet that you loved most?", "For more Red Carpet Review posts from this awards season, check out complete galleries from the Screen Actors Guild Awards, Golden Globe Awards, & Critics Choice Awards! Happy Styling!"]
["What trends are you still talking about?", "For all the latest on this awards season, check out previous Red Carpet Review posts with complete galleries from the Golden Globe Awards & Critic’s Choice Awards. If that isn’t enough, get more celebrity inspiration from Style Darling‘s spring dress predictions featuring Kerry Washington & Allison Williams, how to style a statement necklace like Katy Perry or Emma Roberts, & Jennifer Lopez’s stylish press tour for her new movie, The Boy Next Door! Happy Styling!"]
["What was your favorite part of the show?", "For more stylish posts, check out the complete red carpet gallery from this year’s Golden Globe Awards, lookbook collections from Jenny Packham & Christian Siriano, style inspired by HBO’s Girls, & winter-ready affordable capes. Happy Styling!"]
["Who are you looking forward to seeing more of during the year?", "For more stylish posts, check out posts from Runway Rundown featuring Pre-Fall 2015 Collections from Oscar de la Renta, The Rachel Zoe Collection, Marchesa, & Naeem Khan! Happy Styling!"]
["Have you given people the option to choose their preferred format when subscribing?", "This is done by locating the \"Preferred format\" field option on your signup form, then deselecting the \"hide\" checkbox. This will display the field on your form so people can choose either HTML or plain text when signing up."]
["Has a message you have sent out failed and you are not sure why?", "It is likely that there are a number of invalid email addresses within the list or missing email addresses used in a wildcarded field. Invalid addresses may contain commas, spaces, or other invalid characters, or do not contain an @ symbol."]
["So, what prompted her to do something about all the waste?", "She says that it was a visit to Seelampur last year that got her thinking about the inequity in our societies. “It was so sad to see people working under conditions that would be considered unacceptable to all of us."]
["Why does setting boundaries and protecting what we need most for ourselves sometimes make us feel guilty?", "Setting boundaries and what to do if you feel bad or guilty about saying no. If you feel guilty about setting boundaries, instead of dismissing the practice altogether, explore the guilt. When I feel bad or guilty about […] The post Setting Boundaries an […]"]
["Who doesn’t love a good slider?", "Our highlighted recipe for this month is versatile, feel free to change it up to your liking, but we have a hunch you may keep it just the way it is! Meet this month’s mouth-watering, gotta-have grilling grub …"]
["Spread salted butter on each side (don’t be conservative, didn’t you hear?", "Butter is good for you now, so go ahead and take advantage before they change their mind on us again)! Grilling the buns (especially these buns) will make all of the difference, trust us!"]
["What is the best flour for cake baking?", "This article talks about the impact different flours have on cakes as they bake. It’s important to choose the right flour in order to achieve the best results for homemade cakes."]
["The bottom line?", "The scientific literature on disasters and climate change continues to be at extreme odds with frequent public representations found in the media and put forward by some leading scientists."]
["The dog wants to socialize and pounce, correct?", "Losing a privilege is to keep him from doing that by having him do a down stay on his bed, putting him in another room, putting him outside and therefore taking away what he wants."]
["Can we all admit that similar to when we realized we could pull off a long shirt or an oversized sweater with leggings to a client meeting, we have once again been given a gift from the fashion gods to enjoy more comfort by wearing sweatpants outside the house and gym?", "With the number of pins we saw during Fashion Week (a few faves here and here) of ladies wearing joggers and loose fitting trousers, I think we can agree that comfort has met fashion once again."]
["The best news?", "It's all vegan!!! Photo by @bestofvegan #cake #chocolate #delicacy #party #partyinspiration #partyplanning #partystagram #partygram #parties #event #events #entertaining #slices #berries #yum #food #foodie #foodstagram #foodporn #dessert"]
["So, what is this buzz about the defence sector that makes it sound so exciting?", "Announcements about some major project or the other have been made almost every month in the past years, often in the thousands of crores, getting ‘cleared’."]
["Why play these rules?", "The short answer is that, in signing up for the tournament, I had committed myself to a few weeks of active study and play of the rules I had spent so many hours..."]
["I thought we shouldn’t meddle with it when she was not ready?", "My partner couldn’t stand watching the chick’s struggle, so she touched that shell a little, and a little, and eventually took that piece of shell off. We saw a tender spot on the chick after the shell came off."]
["And you know what?", "It’s a true cool spot. It is also the only village surrounded by hills. It’s original claim to fame is the old church, dating back sometime in the 1800’s."]
["Planning for a trek or a mountaineering or any off the grid location?", "No need to worry anymore. Gotenna Phone Network is a 100% off-grid, a long-range consumer-ready mesh network is here. It pairs with your smartphone and provides communication at any place, no matter where you are and the best part is that you don’t need any towers or routers or satellites."]
["What is your most essential travel accessory?", "For me, it’s the travel pillow. And this one just works perfectly in any kind of travel medium. Be stylish and stay relaxed with this Inflatable travel hoodie pillow. Premium Sweatshirt Material. Inflate and deflate in no time. Comes in 5 color options."]
["Do you know what makes your travel a perfect one?", "It’s the comfort you get while traveling. No matter what your travel purpose is whether it’s business or traveling for fun. One can always ask for a comfortable travel. And having a perfect travel pillow while traveling can solve half…"]
["How does it all work?", "It runs the whole month of July, and during that time all you need to do is post something about Paris or France, or a French author/cook/ director/ actor/ musician etc.. you might only do one post, you might do lots – we love them all. Check out previous posts here"]
["How to deal with sabotage?", "This may be hard to determine but sometimes it is very blatant. Tread lightly if you can and try to change the dynamics of your relationship. Maybe you can talk frankly with the person on how his/her actions affect your progress. He/She may or may not be willing to support you. As harsh as it seems, you cannot let other people’s decisions and actions deter you from getting healthy."]
["So, what will you find within the pages of this unique book?", "Well, quite a lot of knowledge about tadpoles, that’s what! From who makes them and sells them, to how to choose the right one for your needs, to what it’s like riding a trike hundreds or even thousands of miles across the country. Once you finish reading the final page, you’ll have a comprehensive understanding of human powered recumbent tadpole tricycles. Whether an expert already, or just a greenhorn about to plunge in, you’ll learn things you never knew, you’ll become an expert on these three wheeled rigs, and you’ll be eager to head out into your own wild journey of discovery."]
["After years of boating fun what deserves to be cleaned more than any thing on you pleasure craft?", "The carpets of course! Come on by Tri-Town marine to discover our unbeatable rates for interior maintenance of your vessel. Don't let water collect under your carpets creating thousands of dollars in hidden maintenance fees. Come on down and let our experienced crew of professionals do the cost effective preventative maintenance for you!"]
["She taught me, to be me, what more can you ask?", "She gave me unconditional love, there's still a lot left, to this day. She taught me about quality, in people and things. I'm very lucky......\tView all posts by I know it's crazy but...."]
["Could it be repeated?", "It would be probably quite tricky. For now, this looks like a temporary reponse to the problem it buys them time. It may actually be that we'll see another recap further down the line.\" Spain has already asked for a 100 billion euro rescue of its financial sector. Now Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has said Madrid may ask for more, and doesn't expect additional aid to come with new conditions. He wants to see the details of the European Central Bank's bond buying programme before deciding. Peter Dixon from Commerzbank thinks Spain's bank bailout is just the beginning. SOUNDBITE: Peter Dixon, Economist, Commerzbank, saying (English): \"It's hard to know exactly where the Spanish situation is going to end, because I think as we saw in the case of Ireland, once you start to look below the surface at the state of the banks and the impact this is going to have on the rest of the economy, you then start to open up a whole can of worms and we just simply don't know how big that can of worms is and exactly how dreadful the position in Spain is. One thing is for sure, Spain is not going to be able to resolve its problems by itself, it's going to need a huge amount of support and financial aid from the rest of the euro zone.\" Spain is already struggling to implement more austerity measures as it tries to reduce its debt, bring down its borrowing costs and get the economy moving. That's why Rajoy is mindful of the conditions that would come with more aid. But it pits him against his euro zone neighbours like Germany, who only want the ECB to buy struggling countries' debt if the IMF imposes conditions. That topic will undoubtedly be on the agenda when German Chancellor Angela Merkel travels to the Spanish capital later this week. Joanna Partridge, Reuters"]
["But how did they do it without the power of social media and the access to millions of people at their fingertips?", "Most likely they had someone do it for them… a “PR Person.” Thanks to Facebook, I re-connected with my good friend Violet who was a “Publicist” during the Sunset Strip’s hey-day, and worked with many of the legendary bands in Los Angeles. Sadly though, as music shifted from metal to grunge, the “Strip” as we knew it also changed. The ‘94 earthquake hit Los Angeles and musicians were flocking to Nashville. Many of us “grew up” and relocated to take advantage of job opportunities… like Violet and I did."]
["Opening for a national act?", "It’s time to send out an email with the story about how you got the gig after some great online reviews from not only the crowd, but from music movers and shakers. Now there’s a story behind your “opening act” status and you’re storytelling, the great new buzzword of the decade on social media and the Internet, and therefore in public relations. But it’s actually nothing new: It has always been a component of good PR. In other words, the truly successful Public Relations practitioners in the music biz “story-told “ back then too. Again, the only difference is the platform!"]
["Although you can “buy” followers to increase your visibility, is it really necessary?", "I have one client who swears by it and another who feels the opposite, so this one’s on you to figure out based on your needs and finances. In the 1980s, this was similar to passing out free passes to shows to anyone just to fill a room. Let’s face it: A packed hour of “anybodys” was always better than a partially packed house of just loyal fans."]
["Or do you think that forcing women to isolate themselves from everyone else during menstruation because they are unclean is not oppression?", "And there is little doubt that the people requiring her to isolate herself do so out of what they believe to be absolutely true. Believing in absolute truth does not mean that what you believe is the absolute truth. There are still people alive today who believe that it is the absolute truth that black people are inferior to white people. Because they believe that this is an absolute truth, does that mean that it must be true. Of course not."]
["Or do you somehow not realize that the force of law only binds?", "You cant actually make positive laws. Only negative. So the guns point at whomever you wish to restrain, be they murderers, thieves or simply people who believe differently than you."]
["What loaded language are you referring to?", "All I have said is that it is a good thing that we question discrimination (and oppression) that is justified on the grounds of religious freedom. I don’t see how any rationally person could have a problem with that. Everything from slavery to polygamy has been justified in religious grounds."]
["But who determines what is immoral, amoral and nihilistic behavior?", "That is my point. Religious dogma is the result of human interpretation. As such, it can be biased and flawed. There is absolutely no danger to questioning these beliefs from time to time. As I mentioned, questioning does not mean discarding."]
["How does questioning result in discarding and marginalizing an intelligible, sound, warrants body of knowable truth?", "Yes, there may be some things that we thought were truth that we discard because they do not hold up to scrutiny, as has been the case throughout religious history. But any truth that is “True” will only be reinforced."]
["What are the odds?", "And to make it funnier, as the boat got near we saw it was a motor yacht captained by our friend Hank, who manages a housing compound and fleet of boats (including this 60’ motor yacht) on Staniel Cay for a wealthy family. We both stepped out from our flybridges and waved and shrugged at the irony of the two boats meeting in the only narrow channel during a multi-hour cruise."]
["What marketing concepts or terminology do you want to know more about?", "Contact UpOnline for more information on online marketing tactics and make sure to follow our blog so you don’t miss out on the upcoming tips, tricks, and trends of digital marketing. Keep an eye out for our next edition!"]
["Where is it that you thus cause us to rise?", "To the peace of the heavenly Jerusalem. “I rejoiced when I heard them say: Let us go to the house of the Lord” (Ps 122[121].1). Nothing will bring us to it except the desire to remain there for ever. While we are in the body, we journey towards you. Here below we have no abiding city; we are constantly seeking our home in the city to come (Heb 13.14). May your grace guide me, O Lord, into the depths of my heart, there to sing of your love, my King and my God... And as I remember that heavenly Jerusalem my heart will rise up towards it: to Jerusalem my true homeland, Jerusalem my mother (Gal 4.26). You are its King, its light, its defender, its protector, its pastor; you are its unquenchable joy; your goodness is the source of all its inexpressible blessings... You, my God and my divine mercy.” St. Augustine"]
["So did this happen straight out of the box or did it take a while to develop?", "I've been checking other sites/resources and it looks like the next option would be a Factory Data Reset. This'll wipe all of your personal info from the phone, so I definitely recommend using a program like Smart Switch to back everything up. Once you're ready to reset, go to Settings>Search for and tap Factory Data Reset>Reset. Once the reset is done, test out the camera before reinstalling any of your personal info so we can make sure this isn't a software problem. Let me know if this helps! If it doesn't, you'll likely need a repair, but I'll still leave this open to the Community to see if they can think of any other ideas."]
["Just to make sure we're on the same page, you tested the camera before reinstalling any of your personal data, right?", "At this point, unless there is something on the lens of the camera, I would go ahead at take it to your carrier to see what they can do to help since it appears to be hardware related. If for some reason you run into some trouble with your carrier, you can also reach out to Samsung directly via phone (1-800-726-7864), Twitter, or even Facebook to go over repair options."]
["What just happened?", "At that moment, it feels like something precious has been snatched from me. Just as I began to cherish her like she deserved, just when I began to imbibe her immeasurable benefit in my life, that Rahmah—that limitless Mercy that comes only once a year—is gone."]
["What's so bad about that?", "Nobody seems to care when the French language, for example, is mocked, and it is mocked quite often. Same thing about Russian or pretty much any other language I can think of. All of them have been made fun of, but it's never been perceived as offensive, at least not in Switzerland, Germany or Austria or for that matter the rest of Europe(as far as I know)."]
["You were seriously called ching chong as a kid?", "That's... kinda ridiculous. I've never even heard it used as an insult before. To most people, it's associated with the term \"ching chong chinaman\" which, while intended as racist, nowadays just comes off as stupid."]
["What if living in silence was your only means of survival?", "That’s the question supervising sound editors Ethan Van der Ryn and Erik Aadahl had to answer in the hair-raising thriller “A Quiet Place” from co-writer-director John Krasinski, who also starred alongside wife Emily Blunt as the on-screen couple Lee and Evelyn Abbott. The allegory [...]"]
["Have you ever wanted that new look for your room, but have no clue where to start?", "Whether it's your living room, bathroom, bedroom, parlor, or hallway that you are looking to remodel, organizing the process of remodeling a room is very important. Spruce up your with these helpful makeover ideas. Home Exterior Makeover Ideas 14 Great Mobile Home Exterior Makeover Ideas For Every Budget Style, get more great ideas for decorating your ."]
["I could discipline her for every small thing she does, but what good would it do?", "Create a tension, discourage what will some day be helpful acts ( like when she trys to empty her little potty into the big potty). I see that given a little more coordination she’s well on her way to taking care of herself. Independence."]
["Could you help organise events and activities?", "These could include tea parties, store collections, pub quizzes, raffles or anything else you think would be a fun way to fundraise in your community. We are looking for enthusiastic volunteers full of ideas to join a Fundraising Group in your local community."]
["What to do?", "You can either call them out and start a social media rant or be the bigger person and just let it go. Whichever way the choice is yours."]
["Is it a sign of too much fluid?", "I haven't messed around with disc brake bleeding etc since I quit racing motocross in 1988!! I think I'm going to take it do an experienced dealer who I trust, even though I'm a very competent mechanic, as I do have the right stuff to do a proper bleed if needed."]
["Do you need help?", "Then try the forums, the main source for development or help! Or you can leave the site by any one of a number of other links..."]
["Given video’s undeniable importance in communications today, what is wine to do?", "Well, one answer is to do what Australia wine seems to be doing, which is use what works (the foodie side of the campaign) to drive the message. They call it “Restaurant Australia,” but I have a better name."]
["What region has the strongest generic wine brand?", "Well, here in the United States I would say that it is Italy (although France can make a claim because of Champagne’s powerful brand). Americans love everything about Italy — the food, the people, the art, the scenery, the food again, and now with the new Fiat 500, even the cars."]
["A good idea?", "Yes. But not easy to do. If it was easy to achieve Italy’s reputation, everyone would do it. But it is worth trying. Australia has authenticity in its favor — it really is warm and friendly and the food and wine you can find there really are great– and that’s worth a lot."]
["Should a player who misses a bunch of practices or doesn’t effort or pay attention well play the exact same amount as a player who attends every practice, pays attention well and efforts really well?", "I’m not sure the communistic approach of unequal inputs and equal reward is teaching anyone much about life. I do like minimum play rules in youth football and when the non starters are getting 22 snaps in a 70 snap game, it’s possible that this is a very fair and reasonable amount of playing time."]
["Repurchase in future?", "Maybe. I do like the colour a lot, but I don’t think it will be impossible to find cheaper dupes of this. Nonetheless I do intend to buy the ‘Pink Velvet’ and ‘Black Velvet’ shades. (If only there was a dark blue velvet one too! 😦 Perhaps a future collection will include it.) I’ve seen my friend Ishrat wearing the ‘Pink Velvet’ shade and she looked phenomenal. She assured me it would suit me as well, and if it doesn’t I’ll probably let my mum use it."]
["Want to view this recipe?", "You’ll have to join the Workweek Lunch Meal Prep Program. Members get weekly healthy meal plans, grocery lists, access to all recipes and a private community for $7.99/month. Click here to learn more. And if you’re already a member, you can view this recipe by signing in from the top…"]
["Want to really blow your audience away with your coaching and business skills?", "Plan and host a live event. It doesn’t have to be huge—in fact a small, intimate venue is often the best choice—but do start making plans. Live event hosts are often viewed as the real movers and shakers in their industries (because they are)."]
["A technical quibble here perhaps: can a man truly be a hermit with servants?", "But it would seem that he managed. While his food was set on his table by his cook, he would wait in his bedroom. And while his bed was being made, he would retire into his study, and so on – thus avoiding any actual contact with his servants."]
["Want to learn more?", "Call us at (651) 450-1602 or complete our simple online form to schedule an initial consultation. We're dedicated to providing you with affordable, top-quality dental care. If you've got questions about the cost of braces, just ask and our friendly staff will be happy to show you a range of options that will fit your budget."]
["How often do you talk to your clients?", "I bet not enough. We live in a digital world. Anything and everything can be done at the click of a button. But nothing replaces the personal touch."]
["Don't see a service that fits your specific hosting needs?", "Don't worry, we have you covered! We offer a wide range of solutions bound to meet your requirements ranging from Shared, Reseller, VPS, Dedicated and everything in between including Managed WordPress. Just click the button below to visit our Web Hosting comparison page. That's where you'll see a full breakdown of all our of our high speed hosting services."]
["Do you have any web hosting questions?", "You're in luck! Our amazing 24/7/365 support team fittingly named the Guru Crew is here to help. Just contact them via live chat, email or give us a call!"]
["How do these caching solutions make your site load faster?", "By storing key components of your website in memory for faster retrieval each time your site is accessed by one of your website visitors. This prevents every piece of your website from having to load for each of your visitors. Your site is instead more readily available because key pieces of your website (broken down below) can load faster:"]
["How does it work?", "The CDN offers a large number of worldwide data centers. It is able to access the fastest, most efficient route from these data centers back to your web server than would otherwise be available to your visitors."]
["Do you know what's even more exciting?", "How easy it will be to manage your hosting account, whether this is your first site or your 100th! That's because each of our Linux Shared Hosting accounts includes the user-friendly cPanel control panel. Your account comes pre-installed with this award winning control panel. Use cPanel is loaded features to make your life easier including:"]
["Are you an experienced developer?", "You'll be happy to hear that we actually made a name for ourselves for being the \"developer-friendly\" host. In fact, we were one of the very first hosts to offer both PHP 5. Of course technology (and PHP versions) have changed a lot since we started back in 2003, our commitment to loading your account with all the web development tools you could want has not! You get everything from support for the best versions of PHP, MySQL, Apache, Python and more to resources like free SSH access, version control software like Git and so much more."]
["People keep on asking me the same question – why?", "Why would I spend much of my free time in impenetrable and absolute darkness in a wet, cold environment. And then, on my annual leave, you repeat the same again, but in countries far away and for weeks on end."]
["So what is a cave in the first place?", "A cave system comprises a complex web of interconnected passages, rooms, squeezes, canyons and rifts. Caves are formed when water flows through tiny cracks in the rock, slowly dissolving away the limestone beneath the Earth’s surface, creating underground rivers. When a cave fully becomes submerged with water, and you can only get through with dive gear, it's a place we call a sump. Once described by eminent cave explorers as “God's way of telling you the cave ends there”! And that’s where many explorers stopped, and went back home, and said – cave ended."]
["So how do you go about choosing the right doula?", "It may sound strange for me to recommend other doulas, but I suggest that you hold in-person interviews with at least two, preferably three, doulas. The purpose of an interview is more about feeling out the connection between you and the doula than it is about discussing details of their services. For example, I lean towards being introverted and quiet in new relationships. I believe that this helps me be an excellent listener and a good birth partner. I'm by no means uptight and I love to laugh, but I can't recall being described as the life of the party (maybe because I'm too busy with the chips and dip, or wine and cheese)."]
["In a very simple stylised example, is a $500,000 house with a $400,000 mortgage more affordable if the mortgage interest rate is five percent or eight percent?", "The answer is, of course, rather straightforward. The annual interest cost with a five percent mortgage interest rate is $20,000 while an eight percent interest rate sees the annual interest payments jump to $32,000. That $12,000 a year difference is substantial and is clearly a factor when potential borrowers are looking to take out a loan. Blind Freddie can see that a decision to borrow money and buy a house is hugely enhanced in a low interest rate climate versus one where interest rates are high. Those who exclude interest rates for their assessments of housing affordability do so on the truism that interest rates will likely change over the course of a 25-year mortgage. At the present time, when interest rates are skating at a record low, the general premise is that interest rates will on average be higher than today. This seems a fair assumption, but given the forecasting record of most analysts, it is far from certain that interest rates will be much higher than today, if at all, for many years to come. Indeed, some of those with the loudest and shrillest voices on affordability were, just a few years ago, forecasting official interest rates more than double what they are today. And if interest rates do go up in time, it is likely that house price growth will moderate as affordability deteriorates. The analysis of affordability also often ignores the affordability-enhancing effect of household income growth. Most people have higher incomes over time, in part through regular pay increases and through promotions and more responsibility as they gain experience and expertise. Even in the current economic climate of entrenched sub-trend growth and an associated weak labour market, household disposable income growth is rising at around four per cent per annum. Unless there is a recession or something similar in Australia in the next few years, household income growth is likely to rise by a similar four percent annual pace for many years to come. Assuming in the example above, the household disposable income of those taking out the $400,000 mortgage on the $500,000 house was $100,000 when the purchase was made, five years from now, the annual income of that household is likely to be in the order of $120,000. So, even if none of the $400,000 initial loan has been paid off, and that house price growth has been zero, the metrics concerning the debt level and value of the house has improved. It is obvious that if some principle has been paid off the loan and house prices are up even marginally, the dynamics of affordability have been greatly enhanced for those buying the house. It has never been particularly easy to buy a house. It certainly isn’t now; it wasn’t eight years ago when prices were 30 percent lower. That is because back then interest rates were five percentage points higher than now and household incomes were some 35 percent lower. Nor was it easy 25 and more years ago when the targets of today’s “affordability extremists” target Generation X for buying houses cheaply. Sure, house prices were some 65 percent cheaper than today, but interest rates were entrenched in double digits, household incomes were less than half what they are today and unemployment persistently stuck in a seven to 11 percent range made it hard to get that great, high paying job needed to earn the income needed to buy that ‘cheap’ house. Housing affordability is an emotive issue with many people feeling squeezed out of the market focusing on the price and difficulty needed to get a sufficient deposit. What they overlook is the level of interest rates, the ease at finding a high paying job when the unemployment rate is six per cent, and the surge in household income growth. Buying a house to live in has been a great investment for the vast bulk of Australians over many decades. It probably still is even though prices in Sydney and parts of Melbourne are ridiculously high. The Reserve Bank of Australia is aware of this and this is why it has not been panicked into implementing any silly policies aimed at crimping house price growth. Indeed, the RBA noted in its most recent comments on the issue, “housing ‘affordability’, measured as the share of average household income required to service a loan on a median-priced dwelling, has continued to cycle between 20 and 30 per cent, and is currently well below previous peaks”. That says it all. Stephen Koukoulas is the Managing Director of Market Economics thekouk.com.au @The Kouk"]
["Is your commercial property too hot?", "That can leave customers, tenants, and employees with a bad impression. Let us install and service your commercial air conditioning system so that you can keep your West Palm Beach property cool throughout the summer season."]
["You are only 17 or 16 still in high school?", "Just remember grandma did not want a disease like terbulosis I know its very hard to adjust to elderly people especally when they are sick because it is SO SAD TO SEE PEOPLE WHEN THEY ARE SICK.When my aunt moved in my family had a hard time with it she was really confused and very frail also she spends forever in the bathroom oh and my aunt can be very mean ! Now they just roll with the punches and laugh about her being mean they love it when Auntie tells me off !! I know its hard but give them a chance you do not want to look back on your life and have regrets about treating your grandparents bad or ignoring them actually you must remember that this can be an amazing experience for you ! Maybe you can learn about your parent and your heritage remember grandma and grandpa used to be young just like you !They also had to deal with grandparents when they were young and so did your mom... so take it easy on them we all get old and it cant be stopped so please try to just think of solutions like give grandma a hat to wear or bandanna when shes cooking and fold your own clothes GOOD LUCK TO YOU! !"]
["Have you talked with your parents about this?", "If so, they may helpful (as a mom I'd definitely step in if my parent/IL was dropping hair in my kid's food—no matter how well meaning she was being). When you are in a good mood and they are as well, it's a good time to approach this. Tell them what is happening. They may not realize how it's impacting you as this is probably a lot for them to be handling, too."]
["This sounds to me like a normal pre/teen who is upset her life is being changed and she is no longer the center of her parents universe?", "So just wait out that year until you can get out,, and see how much better that is for you! I bet you will still be in line for Mom and Dad's money but still not better able to be compassionate. She worries about your eating, she folds your clothes, this to me sounds like a GM who wants to love you and be a part of your life. Hope you never get old and lonely."]
["Looking for a night out with a difference?", "Blind Dragon, a brand new Asian-themed lounge, features private karaoke suites so that you and your mates can belt your lungs out to sing-along classics. With a seriously hip vibe, we reckon this’ll soon be a city hotspot. INFO: 5pm-2am, The Atrium, Al Habtoor City, Dubai, 04 437 0033, blinddragondubai.com"]
["On a health kick?", "There are also salads, soups, lighter dishes like steamed sea bass and fruit for dessert. INFO: Dhs195 (excluding drinks), 12noon-3pm, Al Qasr Hotel, Madinat Jumeirah, Dubai, 04 432 3232, restaurants@jumeirah.com"]
["The first caveat?", "Don’t save a little to spend a lot. Make sure you get a new outdoor condenser unit AND an indoor evaporator when you replace your system. Do not just replace the condensing feature. Doing so will have a negative impact on the way the central A/C works, reducing overall efficiency and likely costing more month to month."]
["Can't decide on an arrangement to send?", "Let the florist design something special using the season's best flowers. This arrangement will arrive beautifully designed in a basket and reflect the amount you have spent."]
["Got it & not loving it?", "Mail it back domestically (to a warehouse in your country) within 15 days to get a refund. When the warehouse confirms they have received the correct product, you'll get your money back, minus shipping costs. Just make sure your product is unused and in the original packaging And that's it!"]
["But wouldn’t the crisis just be a good reason to think out-of-the-box and invest in new technologies?", "Look at companies like Apple who in heavy times invented the I-Pod. Or Philips/Sara Lee which in dark years invented the Senseo Coffeemaker and are getting a lot more money for each cup of coffee. But if you want to have an excuse not to use technology which is available you have one - the crisis."]
["So what next?", "On the sample room floor we have several new models we are testing. If everything goes to plan these should start to be manufactured through the summer of 2009. First off the line will be a CoolMax based sock with the development name of the Aktif. A lightweight 2 season sock using an adapted sculptured terry heel and toe from the Trekker socks. It will be available in 2 lengths. The longer cut will sit just below your calf muscle. The lower cut will just cover your ankle."]
["Looking for the latest trends?", "Amazon.ca has DJI drones, wearable technology, Bluetooth and wireless headphones, smart watches, and home automation products. Once you find that perfect product, don't forget the accessories. From SSD cards and the perfect wireless mouse, to USB cords, HDMI cables, HDMI splitters, rechargeable batteries, HDMI switches, computer bags, TV wall mounts, or camera cases, Amazon.ca has everything you need, including a great value products from AmazonBasics. Join Amazon Prime for free two day shipping and get your electronics fast. All of this comes with the largest selection of reviews with the lowest prices around. So find that perfect product for you or the perfect gift for the electronics enthusiast closest to you."]
["Don’t you feel as if you are an interior decorating professional now?", "Researching and becoming knowledgeable about design techniques if just a start. You now have a chance to apply what you have learned and experiment with beautifying your home."]
["Does it still hold up?", "Matthew Roe takes a deeper look. ― Studio Sunrise is a name that even the most casual anime fans should be able to easily recognize. Founded by former members of Osamu Tezuka's Mushi Production in 1972, they took the medium in a different direction - stories by committee. With productions fir..."]
["What about all those people that bought games on their nintendo network account?", "They probably have a WII U/3DS, but it would be a big ''fuck you'' to the fellow nintendo fans that did follow from all the way."]
["Tired of the upkeep of home ownership and that high mortgage payment?", "City Parc at Pine is just the place for you to relax and unwind! These apartments are equipped with full kitchens including all new black refrigerators, flat top..."]
["Are you looking for a flooring upgrade that is both stylish as well as durable?", "Visit our showroom to check out our huge variety of luxury vinyl flooring suitable for every room in your home. Our luxury vinyl tile and plank style flooring comes in a wide variety of appearances, colors, and sizes. When you want durability and style without breaking the bank, choose luxury vinyl flooring."]
["Are you in love with the look of hardwood but not the price tag or maintenance requirements?", "Luxury vinyl plank is the ideal way to enjoy the classic and elegant appearance of hardwood floors while enjoying the durability, price, and easy maintenance requirements of vinyl. Because vinyl is a printed material, it is available in virtually any appearance from hardwood to natural stone and other patterns. Whether you prefer the look of dark oak or white marble, we’re sure to have a type of luxury tile or plank flooring to suit your taste."]
["Would this be of any use?", "You wouldn't have nearly enough time to right a wrong, change an event, or win a lottery. Nathan Wexler is a brilliant physicist who thinks he's found a way to send matter a split second back into the past. But before he can even confirm his findings, he and his wife-to-be, Jenna Morrison, find themselves in a battle for their very lives."]
["Additionally, what can happen when a mysterious group of people commandeer the technology for their own purposes?", "This is what you will find out in “Free Dive”. Much like “The Abyss” or “The Sphere” movies, one really gets a feel for how unforgiving the sea can be. Just like with space flight, the world under the sea is unforgiving and unkind. It felt to me that the author did a good job of researching his topic, or he is already one who is skilled in underwater exploration. The machinery, environmental descriptions, and the science all was quite believable and painted with a very colorful brush."]
["Have a loud exhaust?", "Well, read up. A lot of information is flying about regarding a new exhaust law in California with people stating they are immediately being fined $1000 rather than get a 'fix it' ticket. This is not exactly the case. ..."]
["What do you think you will regret when you get older?", "Bronnie Ware, an Australian nurse spent years working in palliative care, looking after people in the last 12 weeks of their lives and she wrote a book called The Top Five Regrets of the Dying."]
["What make is your car?", "Acura Audi Autocar BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Fiat Ford Freightliner GMC Hino Honda Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kenworth Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mack Mazda Mercedes Benz Mini Mitsubishi Morgan Olson Navistar Nissan Peterbilt Peugeot Porsche Ram Renault Saab Scion Seat Smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Thomas Toyota UD Utilimaster Volkswagen Volvo Western Star Workhorse"]
["Why water ballast?", "For a given weight, lead would give you a lower centre of gravity. The advantage of water ballast is the ability to dump it or take in more. That seems an unnecessary complication while underway, and the boats are small enough that it shouldn't be an issue for transport. Even if roof-topping, being able to take the keel off and keep it inside the car would seem an adequate solution."]
["I think that if you think to build a metal hull it's mainly to increase the impact resistance, isn't it?", "For you information there is a coating available called Line-X that can bring any object almost unbreakable. And this is not propaganda! It works for real. And there is some representative in UK. Try to found the video and how they treat an egg...It could be useful for your project."]
["Maybe a steerable rudder would be a necessary addition?", "A steerable rudder adjusted only at the time of each gps check would allow cross wind courses as well as direct downwind courses. That should greatly improve the chances of hitting the target first time while still allowing the simplicity of a fixed wing sail and avoiding many of the complications of a 'proper' sailing boat."]
["If so, what do you do?", "I run a company called K TWO Products, we design, manufacture and sell stationery products to help busy people get organised with their home admin, home/work schedules and keepsake special occasions like babies and wedding."]
["Looking for a recipe?", "Select Category Accessories (3) Adventures (30) Alberta Bound (11) Appetizers (82) Bakers Burger Blast (22) Baking (71) Basics (1) Beef (50) Beverages (22) Breadmaker (2) Breakfast (29) Camping (35) Canadian Food Project (8) Chicken (57) Cookbooks (6) Cookies (30) Crockpot (26) Desserts (54) Dinner (202) events (7) Fondue (5) Food For One (110) Game Day (77) Gluten Free (37) Grilling (72) Guest Blogger (7) Holiday (79) Hotels (1) Instant Pot (3) Kid Friendly (279) Leftovers (2) Lunch (185) Lunch Box/Snacks (15) Other (1) Pasta (30) Pizza (13) Pork (43) Quick Meals (87) Retro (1) Salads (57) Seafood (12) Sides (72) Simple (138) Snacks (96) Soups (24) Sponsored (45) Summer Salad Series (11) tabletalk (39) travel (11) Turkey (15) Vegetarian (120) Whats in Season (1) Wild Rose Herbal D-Tox (28) Wine (2)"]
["What happens to those students?", "They fall in between the cracks, winding up perhaps at the dwindling community public school whose funding has been gutted by \"fair student funding\" which translates as an increased voucher system in which children with money attached to their foreheads have are siphoned off by charter schools. The Center for Research on Education Outcomes (CREDO) at Stanford University found in a 2009 report that only 17 percent of charter schools outperformed their public school equivalents, while 37 percent of charter schools performed worse than regular local schools, and the rest were about the same. Nevertheless, charter school operators and investors reap enormous profits and six figure salaries."]
["Which brand do you wear?", "Adore Me aerie anita Ashley Stewart b.tempt'd by Wacoal Bali Calvin Klein Chantelle Charnos Curvy Couture Curvy Kate Dominique Elomi Empreinte Fantasie Freya Glamorise Lane Bryant/Cacique Le Mystère Lilyette Marlies Dekkers Miss Mandalay Natori Olga Panache Playtex Pour Moi Prima Donna Simone Perele Soma SPANX ThirdLove Torrid Vanity Fair Victoria's Secret Wacoal my brand is not listed"]
["Or maybe just me?", "Haha J Anyhow, she is a real woman, she is someone I was able to relate to on a physical level, and I liked it. The heat between Casey and Paige is fantastic. They work together like a long term couple with all the fire of a one night stand. I found myself eagerly waiting each scene with the two of them, whether or not it was in the bedroom. Even outside of the bedroom Casey treated Paige so well, so tenderly, it was really great to see. Then suddenly Paige&rsquo;s husband shows up. Dalton. Ugh, I instantly don&rsquo;t like this guy. He is a top notch jerk. He&rsquo;s a big time liar, and when Paige finds out exactly what the secret is, well, let&rsquo;s say it gets a bit crazy. I definitely recommend this story on several levels. It&rsquo;s only around 100 pages, so its not very long. But in that short span you get a budding romance, some great woman on woman friendship, the drama of a marriage gone down the tubes, the action of a paranormal story &ndash; cause lets face it, there are vampires in this story. But I&rsquo;ll leave that part for you to read. Check out the excerpt below that the author, MaryLynn Bast, has given me. Let me know what you think. I recall this scene perfectly. I loved the kiss, I bet you will too!"]
["Have you ever started reading a book and have it make you smile from page one?", "Well One Bite To Passion did that for me. I found myself grinning as I read this story and blushing when asked what I was reading. I was able to identify with the main protagonist Paige right off and loved how her character was so real and level headed. She is an intelligent woman who finds herself in a very out of character situation having been dragged along by her friend, Rosa, to a night of dancing and play setting in motion the dynamics of this story. One Bite To Passion is most definitely an adult read and is full of steamy, tasteful, and well written bits of passion. I enjoyed the mental byplay that Paige goes through on this journey. She meets a man - oh yes a younger man, who treats her like the jewel of a woman she is. She is married, although has been separated from her husband for work for about six months, and struggles with the moral dilemma of being attracted to Casey, while continuing to harbor old hurts from her husband's having had a previous affair. The paranormal aspect of this short novella is not obvious from the beginning of the story, although there are hints that something different is going on, and this is not fully revealed until almost the end of the story. I personally would have liked to have more of the paranormal element fleshed out more, but then again this is a short story and I am a greedy reader who enjoys immersion into a new world. I do not know if there is more to come from these characters, but I can see this being read as a prequel to a series or just a sweet short bit of erotica. However, my vote would be for this to be a prequel as I can see the world unfolding with new adventures on the next page! I would recommend One Bite To Passion to anyone who enjoys a short bit of tasteful erotica with a bit of a paranormal twist. This book was given to me by the author requesting my honest opinion and I have received no remuneration other than the pleasure of reading a new story."]
["Which of the following is a flow variable?", "A. the value of the house in which you live B. the balance in your savings account C. your monthly consumption of hamburgers D. the number of hamburgers in your refrigerator at the beginning of the month"]
["What does management look like today?", "Management differs today than it did in the past. In the past, managers were considered “bosses” and their job mostly consisted of giving employees orders, monitoring performance and reprimanding unproductive behavior and misconduct. Many managers still manage employees in such fashion; however, some managers now tend to be more proactive and have…"]
["What was the case about?", "This paper is about the auditing fraud that occurred within the American company called Enron Corporation. Enron seemed to be one of the largest energy companies in America, but in reality, for some years, it was not going very well with the company. Enron had more expenditures, cash going out of the company, than revenues, cash inflows, causing them to experience severe loses. Therefore, the poor numbers of company, which showed that the company was deeply in debt, were…"]
["Heading to class or hitting the street?", "Either way, you'll want to grab your new fave hoody with a soft, comfy feel and a sporty graphic that reminds you what a P90X LIVE class can do."]
["Who doesn't love a little extra sparkle?", "This PiYo hoody is fierce. It puts you in the spotlight during class and everywhere else you go, because everyone will know you're about the Hustle & Flow."]
["Who's a knockout?", "You are, of course. And you'll love showing off your toned Turbo arms, shoulders, and back in this muscle tank that takes you to and from class in style. Pair it with your favorite sports bra for a look as cool as your moves."]
["Does this mean we have no hope?", "No, and the reason is because of what Christ has already done for us. On the cross, all our sins were transferred to Him, and He took the punishment we deserve. Now all we must do is accept the gift God offers us—the gift of His forgiveness. Give yourself to Christ today, and ask Him to take away your sins and save you. God bless you."]
["What in the world is a “doula,” you might wonder?", "I’m glad you asked! A doula is a powerful tool toward a better birth. If you are an expectant parent looking for ways to have one of those, read on…"]
["Isn't this just the best?", "Yeah, I definitely didn't look that glam while pumping, either! ...... #normalizebreastfeeding #glammom #wellness #bestforbabes #Repost from @clairerothstein with @regram.app ... A million reasons why I wanted to post this picture. Obviously #rachelmcadams looks incredible and was quite literally the dream to work with but also this shoot was about 6 months post her giving birth to her son, so between shots she was expressing/pumping as still breastfeeding. We had a mutual appreciation disagreement about who’s idea it was to take this picture but I’m still sure it was hers which makes me love her even more. Breastfeeding is the most normal thing in the world and I can’t for the life of me imagine why or how it is ever frowned upon or scared of. I don’t even think it needs explaining but just wanted to put this out there, as if it even changes one person’s perception of something so natural, so normal, so amazing then that’s great. Besides she’s wearing Versace and @bulgariofficial diamonds and is just fucking major. Big shout out to all the girls 💪🏽 #rachelmcadams for @girls.girls.girls.magazine cover shoot 📸 @clairerothstein #pleaseshare Side note: I did not look anywhere near as fabulous as this when feeding/pumping. And that’s ok too. Stylist: @alicialombardini 👠 . #girlsgirlsgirlsmag #girlsgirlsgirls #bringingbackthewoman #nogrungejustglamour #independentmagazine #printisnotdead #normalisebreastfeeding #normalizebreastfeeding #breastfeeding #life #women #versace #bulgari"]
["Or are those profits remaining in the hands of the oligarchs who pull the political strings and wave the banner for never-ending war?", "The citizens of vanquished nations such as Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya will tell us a tale of how their countries have gone from modernization to devastation by 'Western military intervention'. On the other hand, rising taxes and rising gasoline prices are put on the shoulders of the citizens of OECD nations....to cover the losses inflicted by reduced 'corporate taxation'. Citizens are expected to pay for these instigated 'wars for corporate profit' in the Middle East."]
["Do you offer blog hosting, wordpress hosting, wordpress plugins or blog templates?", "Than advertise in this spot to get visitors to your services and products! Advertising in a blog platform category lets you target users looking or already using software that you may provide! So purchase an ad space today before there all gone!"]
["When rates are at 0%, what can a central bank do to stimulate the economy?", "Well some possible answers are found in Japan, although with its economy still struggling to print positive growth numbers a full 18 years after its bubble burst, it may not …"]
["Not sure where to look?", "Fear not. Away from the well-known capitals of western Europe lies a whole continent rife with cities worth exploring, home to imposing castles, colourful museums and spectacular churches."]
["Was he that boy?", "His memories of childhood didn't exist; his early life was a void. Yet there it was: a vision of sword fighting with a friend so small and light― Sir Lancelot in dungarees with his mother's pot for a shield."]
["Had he imagined it?", "Nick brought his hands up to his face. They were still shaking badly. No, this was not imagination. The suddenness of that awful sound jostled him so badly his heart beats were on overtime, and his favorite t-shirt was soaked in sweat."]